<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0">
 <teiHeader>
  <fileDesc>
   <titleStmt>
    <title>LOD in TEI</title>
   </titleStmt>
   <publicationStmt><p>Not yet published</p></publicationStmt>
   <sourceDesc><p>Recoded from CLUEB edition</p></sourceDesc>
  </fileDesc>
 </teiHeader>
 <text>
  <front>
   <div type="speakers">
    <list><head>Assistants</head>
     <item xml:id="LOD-AJ">Jane</item><item xml:id="LOD-AP">Paul</item><item xml:id="LOD-AZ">Zoe</item>
    </list>
   </div>
  </front>
  <body>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑01/a">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">I hope so. There is a book by Kitto, <pause/> oh yes it's: erm: "Structure and
     thought".</u>
    <u who="AJ">What's the ▾title again?◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲"Structure◀ and thought".</u>
    <u who="AJ">By Kitto.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Kitto, yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I <emph>don't</emph> know the book at all.</u>
    <incident dur="PT14S">
     <desc> AJ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">I take it is ‑ one of the books on classics. It is a classics
     ▾<unclear>book</unclear>. Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲Yes. It's a Cam◀bridge edition. <pause/><pause/> Maybe a paperback one, <pause/>
     which I would prefer.</u>
    <pause dur="PT36S"/>
    <u who="AJ"><note>sottovoce</note> "Structure and thought" <pause/><pause/> <note>normal</note>
     It <emph>is</emph> still available, <pause/> ▾it's ‑◀ <pause/><pause/> it's
     <emph>pub</emph>lished by ‑ the University of California Press in the States, and costs
     <emph>twen</emph>ty nine pounds forty five.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲Oh!◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn" trans="latching">==Good gracious.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT02S"/> I can of course <emph>get</emph> you a copy.</u>
    <u who="C1wn"><pause/><pause/> Yes, but er: <pause/> I'll wait for a paperback.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><unclear>Oh.</unclear> You may be‑ you may ‑ it may never come as a paperback. It
     was published as a hardback in nineteen seventy three. <pause/> No, I lie, nineteen sixty
     seven.</u>
    <u who="C1wn"><pause/> Oh. ▾Well, this ‑◀ this said: sixty six. So there would not be a
     paperback you ▾▾said.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="2syll"/> <unclear>nineteen sixty seven</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲I would◀◀ have thought that if it was going to come out in a paperback, it would
     have been out in a paperback by now.</u>
    <u who="C1wn"><pause/> Oh! <pause/> So‑ where could I have ‑ Could I have a look?</u>
    <u who="AJ">We don't keep it I'm afraid, it's one‑ ▾it's one◀ I'd have to order for you.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲Oh you‑◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Mm. <pause/> Well, I'm leaving on Friday, I live in Holland.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Erm: <pause/> well that‑ if you know‑ if you know the <emph>book</emph>, <pause/>
     that in its: in a way is no ‑ is no problem. Erm <pause/><pause/> ▾what◀ I can do is order you
     a copy. When the book comes in I can send you a‑ de‑ a‑ a bill to them‑ to Holland, which will
     quote postage and packing and price, and you send us the money we'll send you on the book.
     <pause/> But: <pause/> if you don't <emph>know</emph> the book, <pause/> if you've never seen
     it, you're ▾▾not quite sure◀◀ of the contents, I'd I'd ▾▾▾I'd I'd be very nea‑◀◀◀ I'd I'd‑
     quite frankly I'd probably ▾▾▾▾refuse◀◀◀◀ to order the book ▾▾▾▾▾for you.◀◀◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲No I haven't:.◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲▲No I have my doubts.◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲▲▲No.◀◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲▲▲▲I‑◀◀◀◀◀ I want to see it first ▾of course.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah.◀ Erm‑</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AJ">Can you tell me anything about the book. <pause/> I mean ▾this◀ man‑ ▾▾this man
     <unclear>here</unclear>‑ this◀◀ man: wrote a lot about: Greek literature, and Greek history.
     ▾▾▾Could it‑◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲No. I found it‑ no. I f‑◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲▲Yes.◀◀◀ I think it's about erm: development of: erm: poetical language.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> There's a ▾bookshop◀ on <rs>Ferrybridge</rs> Road called <rs>Minoan Book
     Services</rs>. <pause/> It's approximately opposite <rs>Founts</rs>. I'm just going by the fact
     that this man wrote <emph>main</emph>ly books on Greek, <pause/> ▾▾it may be worth trying
     them‑◀◀ them: phoning there.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲<unclear>Is it</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲▲Mhm! <unclear extent="3syll"/>‑◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Er: it's it's it's the <emph>ba</emph>lance of course, between er <pause/> a point
     of language,</u>
    <u who="AJ">Mm.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">The structure,</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1wn" trans="latching">=And er: the ideas.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1wn"><unclear>These</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yes well erm just as I was saying just going by the other titles
     the man wrote, which ▾are <emph>main</emph>ly Greek,◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲<unclear>So ‑ er:</unclear>◀ <pause/> if: er ▾I could write◀ down the ▾▾name of◀◀
     the shop in <rs>Ferrybridge</rs> Road.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="5syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲Yes sure.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">===<note>slowly</note> <rs>Minoan Book Services</rs>. <pause/>
     <note>normal</note> Yeah, ▾the other books they sell are all on: ‑◀ all on Greek tragedy, and‑
     and Sophocles and people like that.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲<unclear>You haven't</unclear> got a pencil.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
    <u who="AJ">Practically opposite <rs>Ferrybrid</rs>‑ <note>sottovoce</note> practically opposite
     <rs>Ferrybridge</rs> Road ‑ <note>normal</note> practically opposite <rs>Founts</rs>:, on
     <rs>Ferrybridge</rs> Road. <pause/><pause/> They <emph>may</emph> be able to help you there.
     <pause/> Failing that: I think the only way you may be left with is one of the academic
     libraries.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Oh! <pause/><pause/> ▾Er: opposite◀ what?</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲And I'm not quite s‑◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">Opposite: er <rs>Founts</rs>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="C1wn">Thank you very much.</u>
    <u who="AJ">That's okay.</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑01/b">
    <u who="C2w">Do you sell any philosophy journals, i e: "Mind" or "Philosophy"?</u>
    <u who="AP">Er <pause/> well <pause/> erm <pause/><pause/> <note>to AJ</note> What is it?
     "Radical philosophy"?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">="Radical ▾philosophy".◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><note>to C2</note> ▲"Radical philo◀sophy", yes.</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=Is that the only one you do.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, it is. Well, apart from "Mind" occasionally, but we haven't got "Mind" in stock
     at the moment.</u>
    <u who="C2w">Have you not. <pause/><pause/> D'you know where I could get it?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Er‑ "Mind", <pause/> you mean? <pause/> Erm: I think yes, the
     <rs>Alternative</rs>: <rs>Bookshop</rs> in <rs>Dovey Junction</rs>.</u>
    <u who="C2w"><pause/> They'd sell it there, would they?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Erm: ‑</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
    <u who="C2w">Perhaps the <rs>Northern </rs>Library would: ‑ I could just go in there and read
     it, couldn't I, and order it.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er I would ▾think so, yes.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲<unclear>Another possibi‑</unclear>◀ <pause/> possibility.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Erm.</u>
    <incident dur="PT14S">
     <desc> telephone rings in background: AJ answers</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Just hold on a minute::, er: ‑</u>
    <incident dur="PT13S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Er ‑ <rs>Flower</rs> Street.</u>
    <u who="C2w"><pause/> Right.</u>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>That's right.</unclear> Which ▾is off: er‑◀ You know where it is, yeah.</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲<unclear>Excuse‑</unclear> I know where it is.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">==Yes, down that funny little alleyway.</u>
    <u who="AP">That's right. ▾Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲Thanks.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑02">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cwn">Hallo.</u>
    <u who="AP">Hallo.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Er: do you keep <unclear>applied linguistics</unclear> books at
     this <unclear>point or in the languages department</unclear>? <note>?shows list</note></u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Er‑ sorry which ones are we: er looking at.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=This. <pause/> This or: the other.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AP">I <emph>think</emph> this would be um ‑ oh I see, yes. That's interesting.
     <pause/><pause/> Er: ‑</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause dur="PT02S"/> I think‑ ▾<unclear>they◀ say that this was from</unclear> the
     publisher.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲I‑◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes:. I think that ▾one would◀ be in the languages department. <pause/> This one we
     <emph>ought</emph> to have, but I don't recognise the author. <note>inbreath</note> Erm:
     <pause/> or rather I recognise the author but not that‑</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> Title.</u>
    <u who="AP">Not that mixture ▾of: ‑ people together. Hh. Um: ‑◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲<note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT07S">
     <desc> AP looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Oh yes, here you are. Er "Applied linguistics and the learning and teaching of
     foreign <emph>lan</emph>guages". Language:s:. <note>inbreath</note> Erm: <pause/><pause/>
     <unclear>right.</unclear></u>
    <pause dur="PT13S"/>
    <u who="AP">No. We‑ we're out of <emph>that</emph> one. <pause/> But ▾we have stocked it‑◀ they
     <emph>might</emph> have it next door in ‑ in the languages ‑ in the er <pause/> language
     teaching theory practice: <pause/> section, ▾▾which is◀◀ more on the teaching side.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Oh:.◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲▲Yes.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Yes. <pause/> Okay.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Okay.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑03">
    <u who="Cm">Um <pause/> ▾Sorry to◀ <unclear>really</unclear>. <pause/> A few weeks ago I ordered
     some books and I <pause/><pause/> a girl gave me 'em. Is it <rs>Sandie</rs>? <pause/> Would
     <rs>Sandie</rs> sound ‑ she was on that <pause/> counter there. <note>inbreath</note></u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==<rs>Sabrina</rs>.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><rs>Sabrina</rs>, that's ▾it.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Mm.◀ I see. <pause/> ▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Is she:◀ round now, ▾anywhere?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲I ho◀nestly don't know, ▾I'm sorry.◀ <unclear extent="5syll"/> this department,
     ▾▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲No, all right.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲Do they‑◀◀ do they work here <emph>all</emph> the time here or are they sort
     of‑</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Oh yes, they're daytime. <unclear><rs>Sabrina</rs></unclear> isn't
     in our department, if you'd like to ask somebody on the next ▾enquiry desk◀ they'll be able to
     tell you where she is.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==All right, thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑04/a">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Yes, have you got Robert Burchfield's "The English language"?</u>
    <u who="AP">No.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Or have you sold out.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, it's reprinting already, ▾and it's due on: the sixteenth◀ of February, I
     think.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Yes. Everybody's sold out.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">==<emph>Six</emph>teenth ▾of◀ February is it?</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Mhm.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Somewhere around that <pause/> ▾date,◀ yes.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Aha.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">Right. <unclear>I see</unclear>. <unclear extent="2syll"/>. <pause/> Is it
     necessary to: sort of book, a copy. <pause/> Is ▾it◀ possible to book ▾▾a copy.
     <note>laughs</note>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well‑◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Er: the◀◀ only‑ well it makes it easier because: er <pause/> then: you don't have
     to keep asking us when it's: ▾er hh◀ arrived.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> We've never even got our original order in hh.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Really?</u>
    <u who="AJ">No. <pause/> Those‑ those books we got ▾are◀ not ▾▾part of our order
     <unclear>filler</unclear>.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲▲He's too popular.◀◀ He‑</u>
    <u who="AP">Well‑</u>
    <u who="C1w">The trouble <unclear>is he's</unclear> too telly minded or ▾something.◀
     <note>laughs</note></u>
    <u who="AP">▲Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, appearing on: er ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w"><pause/> Hh.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=On "Call my bluff" hh.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=That's right, yes.</u>
    <u who="AP">Burch<emph>field</emph>, isn't it.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Field, yes.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> I've forgotten ▾even what it's called.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲"The: English◀ language".</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=<unclear>"English language"</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
    <u who="AP">Surprised that they: er didn't print e<emph>nough</emph>, actually.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Yes:, ▾they obviously underestimated it◀ didn't they, badly, because I've been to
     th‑ <emph>three</emph> bookshops now, and none of them‑</u>
    <u who="AP">▲You'd have thought they'd've judged <emph>that</emph> a bit better, yes:.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Sold out?</u>
    <u who="C1w">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Hh. Er: <pause/> Oxford isn't it:.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Yes, that's right.</u>
    <pause dur="PT09S"/>
    <u who="AP"><note>sottovoce</note> <unclear>Yes:.</unclear> <pause/> <note>inbreath</note>
     That's: eighteen actually isn't it. <note>normal</note> Okay. If you'd like to put your: ‑
     ▾name◀ and address there please ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Fine.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT25S"/>
    <u who="AP"><note>hums; inbreath</note></u>
    <u who="C1w"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Okay.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Okay.</u>
    <pause dur="PT07S"/>
    <u who="C1w">Where am I going to find a book on sale called: "Pericles of the Eritrean sea".</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Er: well. Have you any ▾idea what‑◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲It's a‑◀ it's translated from the <emph>Greek</emph>, <pause/> by G W B
     Huntingford.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Well it sounds as if it ought to be <emph>us</emph> in
     classics:, but er: <pause/> I don't erm ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w">Yes:, well my brother says it's published by the London University Press but er:
     <pause/><pause/> <rs>Hodders</rs> <note>note Lod 1</note> disa<emph>greed</emph>, they said it
     was published by the something, Had‑ Hockluss, Hockliss, Hocklitt society? <pause/> Hadlitt
     <pause/> society. <pause/> <note>laughs</note></u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Oh. Oh I see. <pause/> It's probably‑ er oh yes. <pause/> Hakluyt
     isn't it, the: ▾er◀ explorer.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w"><pause/> Ah! ▾Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲I'm not◀ sure, I don't know, but: ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Mm.</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm: <pause/> I suppose that would make sense. Yes, well we haven't got it, I'm:
     ▾sure we could get it◀ <emph>for</emph> you, <pause/> oh‑ unless they've got it in
     <emph>his</emph>tory of course. <pause/> I mean: ‑ which is possible, 'cos they've got erm
     <pause/> <emph>an</emph>cient history ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲You <emph>hav</emph>en't got it.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">Uhuh. ▾Well I'll have a look,◀ I'll have a ▾▾look.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<emph>In</emph> the history department,◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲More◀◀ so than us. <pause/> So: ▾it's certainly worth asking.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Do: ‑ does it go under author◀ or: ‑ or title.</u>
    <u who="AP">Oh ask them. Ask ▾them on the◀ desk. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Ask them.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">==Yes. Okay. <pause/><pause/> ▾Where◀ would I find a book a‑ on: a
     biography of a man who: ballooned.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear extent="3syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Who ballooned. ▾<note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲A balloonist, yes, called◀ Lou Martin. ▾<note>laughs</note>◀ Hh where would
     ▾▾<emph>he</emph> be?◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<note>laughs</note> Well‑ I think you could: er: ‑◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Start◀◀ by asking in the: er‑ in the history department,</u>
    <u who="C1w">Yes. ▾He's‑ he's◀ the eigh▾▾teenth◀◀ century or something, isn't he. <pause/> Thank
     you.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Which is next door.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yeah.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Okay.</u>
    <pause dur="PT01S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑04/b">
    <u who="C2mn">Do you think you can: help me <pause/> to find <emph>this</emph> book? New book,
     <pause/> Flew? <pause/><pause/> ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>. You see:◀ this, ▾▾Antony Flew.
     <unclear>"God freedom‑"</unclear>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Antony Flew.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲"God freedom and im‑ and immortality".◀◀</u>
    <u who="C2mn">Mm.</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm: ‑</u>
    <u who="C2mn" trans="latching">=Eighty four, <pause/> ▾Prometheus books,◀ but ▾▾all ‑◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes:.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yes.◀◀ <pause/> I don't think we have it actually, but: erm I'll check.
     <pause/><pause/> I mean we have some of Antony Flew's other <pause/> ▾books◀ obviously, but:
     erm ‑</u>
    <u who="C2mn">▲Yes I‑◀</u>
    <u who="C2mn" trans="latching">==There are other books here, <pause/> by Antony Flew. This is
     also <unclear>Flew</unclear>, ▾<unclear>moral</unclear> philosophy.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes, well I can show you what we've◀ got. Yes, I‑ erm: ‑</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑05">
    <u who="AJ"><note>interrupting talk to another A</note> Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Erm <pause/> my teacher said I could get a <emph>cre</emph>dit,
     for these, 'cos I‑ I've I just got home and I discovered I didn't need them.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Er: ▾have you got a◀ receipt?</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Is that all right?◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==Yeah, it's in there. Mm.</u>
    <pause dur="PT14S"/>
    <u who="AJ">And in what way don't you need them.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Well they're not on the course.</u>
    <u who="AJ">They're not ▾on the course.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Erm I did have a list,◀ but they‑ they've changed it ▾since I‑◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲They've changed◀ the course.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<emph>O</emph>kay. <pause/> Normally the answer'd be no, but ‑</u>
    <u who="Cm">Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> There's nothing else you want at the moment.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah, I just wanted to ch‑ I wan‑ er‑ I er to ▾go and get something else, yes.
     Right, okay.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Well go and‑ go and choose: ‑ go and◀ choose something else and bring them on back
     to me.</u>
    <incident dur="PT300S">
     <desc> C moves away; talk between As</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>‑◀ <pause/> Have you got a book called: "States and
     morals". T D Markham.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Called "Stakes of ‑"</u>
    <u who="Cm">And‑ "States <emph>and</emph> morals". ▾<unclear>With an and.</unclear>◀ It'd be
     under politics:, ▾▾I think.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Oh sorry. Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Politics,◀◀ yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Politics, yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Would it?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Mm. Upstairs.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Thank you.</unclear></u>
    <note>same C returns in A‑12 /b</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑06">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Hello.</u>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>Hello.</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=D'you have any secondhand books: in <pause/> maths physics at A
     level, that kind of thing?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=No.</u>
    <u who="AJ">No.</u>
    <u who="Cm">None at all?</u>
    <u who="AP">No. Don't‑ they don't do maths at all, no. <pause/> No. Used to in the mathematics
     department itself, but they've given that up a long time ago now.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/><pause/> Anywhere?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Well‑ yes, <rs>Slov</rs> ‑ <rs>Slov</rs> <pause/> <rs>Books</rs>
     <pause/> in: s‑</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=<rs>Slov</rs>?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=<rs>Slov</rs>. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Where's that.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: ‑ have you got a map?</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <incident dur="PT06S">
     <desc> C pulls out map</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cm">Hm.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Right, well ▾it's er:◀ <rs>Kirkwood</rs>.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲All right.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm"><rs>Kir</rs>:<rs>kwood</rs>:.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Near: <rs>Hinton Kirkwood terminus</rs> station.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear><rs>Kirkwood</rs>, that‑</unclear> <pause/> Where's: ‑
     <rs>Kirkwood</rs>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Well:, if you look at the <pause/> thing in the front ‑
     <unclear>oh well</unclear>‑ <unclear>well</unclear> ‑ ▾There you are. Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Here you are, central◀ <rs>Nonesuch</rs>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=That's it. Fine. ▾Erm: ‑◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Here it◀ is.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. Great. Okay. <pause/><pause/> Er: ▾right. So ‑ where are we?◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲For GCEs, that's what I'm◀ looking for.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. They don't actually show it here but it's: erm‑ it's a pedestrian precinct,
     and it's‑ it's just <pause/> it runs: diagonally, just across ▾the cor◀ner there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Yeah?◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP">So erm: <pause dur="PT02S"/> <rs>Sar:dini:an</rs> <pause/> Avenue.</u>
    <u who="Cm">I heard of that, seen that, ▾yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀ <pause/> ▾And er: <rs>Slov</rs>.◀ <pause/><pause/> <rs>Vols</rs>: <pause/>
     backwards.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲<rs>S</rs>:<rs>lov</rs>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Oh I see hh. I wouldn't ha‑ ▾hh◀ noticed <unclear>it</unclear>.
     ▾▾<unclear>??</unclear>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear>Yeah</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲So:◀◀ er <pause/> that's ▾correct, yeah.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Ah:.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">That's for erm <pause/><pause/> teaching A level maths, physics, that ▾kind of
     thing, secondhand.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well they do anything of that sort,◀ yeah. Yeah. Anything which is: er <pause/>
     likely to be taken.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><emph>Ve</emph>ry good. Thank you sir. Thank you <unclear>very much</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑07">
    <u who="AP">Good morning.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Latin texts, please, classical Latin.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes. <pause/><pause/> What, may‑ ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Er:◀ well editions of: Horace's odes, largely. <pause/><pause/> Maybe other things
     as well, but‑</u>
    <u who="AP"><unclear extent="5syll"/>.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑08">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="3syll"/>. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Hm‑ I'm looking for um <pause/>
     books on ethics:, <pause/> par▾ticularly on‑◀ medical ethics:.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲On ethics.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: yes, we have: erm about a couple of titles on: <pause/> medical eth▾ics: ‑◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲There's a‑◀ I can't remember the name <unclear>at all‑</unclear> it's a
     <emph>thin</emph> ‑ there's a <emph>se</emph>ries of them, are‑ erm published erm from: um
     ‑</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Prentice Hall.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Stanford I think. <pause/><pause/> ▾Stanford◀ University.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh, uh‑◀</u>
    <u who="AP">I don't know about ▾those,◀ we've got: ▾▾erm: ‑◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>.◀◀ Might‑ <pause/> There's‑ they're very‑ they're quite
     thin. There's ‑ <unclear>it's</unclear> ‑</u>
    <u who="AP">Well this <emph>is</emph> thin, ▾but I don't think◀ it's the series you're thinking
     of somehow, it's erm ‑</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Yeah, hm:.◀</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑09">
    <u who="Cm">Could you point me towards dictionaries?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, just on the right there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">On the right here?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Thanks. Oh yes.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑10">
    <u who="Cw">Hallo, I'm looking for a magazine called "Index of cen:sorship".</u>
    <u who="AP">Ah. Right. <pause/> Ah, perhaps you're looking for the: poetry ▾thing.◀ Yes hh,
     ▾▾I've thought◀◀ about that too.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲I am.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲▲Yes.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">===Should I go hh?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah. Erm: second floor. I'm not sure whether they've
     <emph>got</emph> it, I haven't <pause/> ▾inquired◀ myself ▾▾yet,◀◀ but politics: ‑</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲N:o.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲▲No.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">Ah:. ▾<unclear>Right</unclear>.◀ <pause/> Is thi‑ isn't this the second, ▾▾this is
     the first?◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Second floor.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲No. You passed◀◀ the mezzanine on the way up.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Ah:. ▾So one more up.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<note>laughs</note>◀ Right hh.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑11">
    <u who="Cm">It's languages here, is it?</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm: ‑ well no, languages are next door.</u>
    <u who="Cm">All right. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑12/a">
    <u who="C1wn">Excuse me where do you keep erm <pause/> the dictionaries of: names, and
     surnames?</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: in the: erm‑ reference department next door, just on the right ▾<unclear>through
     there</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲<unclear extent="4syll"/>.◀ Thanks.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod A‑12/b">
    <note>same C as in A‑05</note>
    <u who="C2m">Erm: <pause/> <unclear>I: had a</unclear> couple of books.</u>
    <u who="AP">Oh. <pause/> ▾Right.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Brought◀ them back.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> Those two are they?</u>
    <u who="C2m">That's it, yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Mm.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Erm have you got‑ got these books, <pause/> er I don't know if
     they're still in print, I've looked and they're not there.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Mhm?</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Could you see if they are? <pause/> There's this one, erm
     <pause/><pause/> I'm not exactly sure what it's called, it's a selection of essays on Hegel.
     It's edited by Alistair Macintyre.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Yeah. <pause/> Er: ‑</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=It's a nineteen seventy two new. Doubleday.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes:. <note>sottovoce</note> I don't think it is, actually <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT20S">
     <desc> AP looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">No, it's out of print.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Oh:.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Right. <pause/> What about‑ Is‑ is this "Against the self
     images of the age" still in print by Macintyre?</u>
    <u who="AP"><emph>That's</emph> available, yes.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Oh. You haven't got it though. It's not here.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Erm: ‑</u>
    <u who="C2m">I don't think it's there.</u>
    <u who="AP">Well‑ <pause/> it's a smallish: <pause/> green paperback, <unclear extent="2syll"
     />.</u>
    <incident dur="PT42S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Eleven forty five, <unclear>it's got here though</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Mm. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Those three.
     <unclear>Yeah</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT12S"/>
    <u who="C2m">Can you tell me how much they are, and I'll get another one <unclear>or
     not</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=If I've got enough.</u>
    <pause dur="PT55S"/>
    <note>recording interrupted</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑01/a">
    <u who="AJ">Right. Can I help anybody.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Thank you. I'm looking for a book that‑ that is: either <emph>just</emph> been
     published or about to be published, called I <emph>think</emph> "The secret cult". I don't know
     its publisher or authors. Have you: heard of it?</u>
    <u who="AJ">No I ▾haven't.◀ Do you know anything ‑ what‑ what secret cult, for ▾▾instance?◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲▲It's about◀◀ a ‑ a‑ a‑ a modern religious group in London.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> It may be worth try‑ I know this sounds silly <unclear extent="2syll"/>,
     but it may actually be worth trying the: erm: social sciences anthropology section
     up▾stairs.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Ah.◀ Okay. ▾I'll do that.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Erm: ‑◀ it may also be worth trying‑ trying the psychology department in the
     basement. ▾Different◀ aspects of the same thing.</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Right.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑01/b">
    <u who="AJ">Yes?</u>
    <u who="C2m">You got a‑ a book called "Greek and Roman slavery", by <pause/> Thomas
     Wiedemann.</u>
    <u who="AJ">By Thomas?</u>
    <u who="C2m">Wiedemann.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Wiedemann. I don't: <emph>know</emph> it, no. That's: Wiedemann spelt with a W.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <pause dur="PT10S"/>
    <u who="AJ"><emph>Try</emph> the history department, they have an anthropology ▾section◀ just
     through <emph>that</emph> way. ▾▾They may be able to◀◀ help you.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲▲Right. <unclear>Thank you</unclear>.◀◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑02">
    <u who="AJ"><note>putting down phone</note> Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Do you have: er Burchfield "The English language"?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=No we've sold out, and I've been‑ and I've been informed by one of
     my <emph>coll</emph>eagues that it's actually re<emph>prin</emph>ting, and won't be available
     again until I <emph>think</emph> she said the sixteenth of June‑ sixteenth of June? Sixteenth
     of February.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Sixteenth‑</unclear> <emph>Feb</emph>ruary.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Ah. Erm: <unclear>okay</unclear>. <unclear>??</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑03/a">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Do you have <pause/> a book by Gombrich, called "Art and illusion"?</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AJ">Something came in this morning, but I can't remember what it is. <pause/> Um: ‑</u>
    <incident dur="PT32S">
     <desc> ?AJ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">Have you tried the art department?</u>
    <u who="C1w">No I haven't.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Well, ▾have a go◀ there, they may have it ▾▾'cos they◀◀ keep a <pause/> bit of
     literary aesthetics there as well. It's three rooms that way.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲<unclear>Would <emph>they</emph> have it?</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲▲Mhm.◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1w"><unclear>Okay.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Ask on the next enquiry desk.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=That way.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Y▾eah.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Thanks◀: very much.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑03/b">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C2w">I see you've just got <emph>this</emph>. Where ▾do you <unclear>have him</unclear>
     on stylis◀tic and: <pause/> ▾▾stylism.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="4syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲Yes.◀◀ <pause/> Oh:. It'll be under: Arthur Rowse, in the philosophy room. On the
     left hand ▾wall.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲Uhuh.◀ Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑04">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cm">Excuse me, do you have a‑ <pause/> a section of Portuguese: <pause/> ▾language.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah. Ask◀ in the next department which: ‑ language?</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Yes.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah. Ask in the next department.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑05">
    <u who="Cmn">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">I'm looking for <pause/> this book "Residual and: infancy registration, <pause/>
     re<emph>gre</emph>ssions".</u>
    <u who="AJ">What kind ▾of‑◀ what's ‑ what ▾▾kind of book is it?◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲<unclear>Of‑</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲▲It's er:◀◀ <pause/> e<emph>con</emph>omic book, <unclear>I think</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=A: ‑</u>
    <u who="Cmn">E<emph>con</emph>omic.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Upstairs then.</u>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=Upstairs. Thanks very much.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑06">
    <u who="Cwn">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Stylictics book er: ‑</u>
    <u who="AJ">I beg your pardon?</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Sty::<emph>lis</emph>tics: hh. Stylistics book.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah. Erm: for writing, or a book on stylistics.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> No, it ‑ on cr‑ on criti<emph>cis</emph>m, <unclear>the
     book</unclear>‑</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> I know what you mean. <pause/> Erm: have I
     <emph>got</emph> it though.</u>
    <note>they move away; same C returns in B‑07 /c</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑07/a1">
    <u who="AJ">How are you paying <unclear>for these ▾books</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Erm‑◀ <pause/> I have an account.</u>
    <u who="AJ">You have an account. Have you got an account card with you?</u>
    <u who="C1m">I'm afraid not. I‑ <pause/> I don't think I was ever given one actually, ▾I have my
     num◀ber. Hh.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲When did you‑◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==When did you open your account?</u>
    <u who="C1m">Erm: <pause/> end of last year.</u>
    <u who="AJ">In that case you won't have an account card.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Hh.</u>
    <pause dur="PT11S"/>
    <u who="AJ">Do you know your number?</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yes. <pause/> <rs>C A M ninety six.</rs></u>
    <u who="AJ"><rs>C A M ninety six.</rs></u>
    <pause dur="PT22S"/>
    <u who="C1m">I hesitate to ask you this, but could you tell me why: <pause/> "The dancing Wu Li
     masters" is under religion?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> It is: believe it or not, according to Fontana, <pause/> an alternative
     theology book.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> Oh:! ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>!◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲So is◀ Capra's "Turning point" and "The tao of physics".</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> "The tao of physics" I could: ‑ I could believe, I mean it doesn't
     ▾actually <emph>men</emph>tion:◀ re▾▾ligions in there:,◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲According ‑◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲According ‑◀◀ according to Fontana it's the same kind of book, so therefore: ‑</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Mhm. I ▾see.◀ Yeah it is, it's <unclear>a group</unclear>!
     They're all about god and ▾▾physics.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲Mm.◀◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yehhs. ▾Er‑ they're‑ <note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah! Right! <note>laughs</note> Lot to do with religion that, yes?◀ Hh.</u>
    <pause dur="PT16S"/>
    <u who="AJ">Can you: ‑</u>
    <u who="C1m">Certainly.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Write your ▾name and◀ address there, <pause/> and sign at the
     ▾▾bottom◀◀ of the form. <pause/> And those are mine, these are yours.</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲▲Okay.◀◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT10S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ"><note>to another C</note> If you're waiting to pay, the cash desk's over there.</u>
    <incident dur="PT14S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1m?">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes. <pause/> Thank you.</u>
    <incident dur="PT13S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ"><unclear>Okay</unclear>. <pause/> ▾Thank you.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m?">▲Thank you.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑07/b">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C2w">Have you got this book <unclear>here, it's Rees Parnell</unclear>, <unclear>"Brush
     up your</unclear> English".</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> No. You need to be in the next department along.</u>
    <pause dur="PT02S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑07/c1">
    <note>same C as in B‑06</note>
    <u who="C3wn">Uh: <pause/> Any books of Freeman? <pause/><pause/> Freeman.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Freemasonry?</u>
    <u who="C3wn">Freeman.</u>
    <u who="AJ">The author Freeman.</u>
    <u who="C3wn">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah. Hang on and I'll have a look for you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑07/d">
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C4m">Have you got any translations of German and French texts.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Y:es:, what erm: ‑ what are you looking for, literature?</u>
    <u who="C4m">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah. Downstairs in the literature department.</u>
    <u who="C4m"><unclear>Ah. Okay.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<unclear>They deal</unclear> with translation.</u>
    <incident dur="PT05S">
     <desc> ?AJ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑07/c2">
    <u who="AJ">There's: a book called "Essays in modern linguistics", by D C Freeman,</u>
    <u who="C3wn"><unclear extent="2syll"/> Stylistics. <pause/> Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ">But nothing on ‑ nothing on stylistics we keep, no.</u>
    <u who="C3wn"><pause/> Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=That's all‑ that's all we do keep I'm afraid.</u>
    <u who="C3wn"><unclear>Thanks very much.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑08">
    <u who="AJ">Hello. <pause dur="PT01S"/> ▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Excuse◀ me a friend of mine get her a book from you which is called "S‑ S‑
     <pause/> Story of the pendulum".</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> "Story of the pendulum"?</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Do you know what the book's about?</u>
    <u who="Cwn">About pendulums.</u>
    <u who="AJ">About pendulums. <pause/> Er try the art department two rooms that way, they may be
     able to help you there.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Art department.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=She said she <unclear>must have it</unclear> in my
     <note>/maI/</note> <pause/> in May <note>/meI/</note>.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">And it was the third floor, or the first floor I forgot, but
     ▾<unclear>any</unclear>‑◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲I think◀ it must have been the first floor, ▾because◀ there isn't a third floor.
     Ask on the art: department.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲First floor.◀</u>
    <note>same C returns in B‑12</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑09">
    <u who="Cm">Do you keep: English: translations of Proust: <pause/> up here, <pause/> or are they
     ▾downstairs.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er:◀ translations, no. They're: in the literature department on the ▾ground◀
     floor.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Mm?◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==Right:. Okay, thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑10">
    <u who="AP"><note>sound of paper</note> Oh: that's <emph>next</emph> door. <pause/> The English
     language <pause/> department, ▾<emph>next</emph>◀ desk on the left.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Oh, sorry. <pause/> Thanks ▾very much.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear>Okay</unclear>.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑11">
    <u who="Cw">Hallo, I bought a book this morning and it's not quite what I was wanting, and I was
     wondering if I could bring it back.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, it's this department is it?</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Well, of course it was er: ‑ it was a book on Greek history.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yes. <pause/><pause/> From here rather than the history
     department.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Um: <pause dur="PT02S"/> I think it's: the one round the corner
     actually.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Yeah, ▾it's the next desk◀ on the right there. <unclear>Yeah.</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>The next one</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">==<unclear>Yes.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑12">
    <note>same C as in B‑08</note>
    <u who="Cwn">Excuse me, um: ‑ a fr‑ friend of mine said she reserved a <emph>book</emph>, in er
     <rs>Lovatts</rs>, which is called "Story of the pendulum".</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Well: ‑ you've already been here haven't you. <pause/>
     ▾<unclear>Befo‑</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Not at the‑◀ not at the <emph>this</emph> desk.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Well you asked the girl here. <pause/> 'Cos I was standing behind
     her when you asked her.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Oh I'm ▾just◀ being getting lost probably.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. <pause/> You've been to history?</u>
    <u who="Cwn">I have been everywhere.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Well ‑ I haven't a clue, I mean you don't know what it's about?</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> Well‑ they are different stories‑ a▾bout pendulums, yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<emph>Sto</emph>ries. Well, it‑◀ it should be in‑ in literature then, shouldn't it?
     On: on the ground floor?</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> I see‑ I think she said it was <emph>fir</emph>st floor. <pause/><pause/>
     Where I can‑ I where‑ who can: tell me‑ I ‑ I mean I can <emph>buy</emph> the book, but which‑
     which is depar‑ who can advise me what ▾sort of‑◀ where can I look for it.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er:.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">What's it called the: ‑</u>
    <u who="Cwn">"Story of the pendulum".</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">="Story of the pendulum". <pause/> Erm: well I <emph>might</emph>
     get some clue from the: er <pause/> looking it up on the microfiche, on the other hand it
     might‑ if it just says "Story of the pendulum", then: er: <pause/> you know, <unclear>you don't
     ‑</unclear> hh.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Okay, hh you are very kind.</u>
    <incident dur="PT65S">
     <desc> AP looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Well. <pause/> Erm: ‑</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="AP">Unless it's American we're: <pause/><pause/> we're stuck, rather ‑</u>
    <pause dur="PT16S"/>
    <u who="AP">Mm:. I don't know, it's not listed <pause/> anywhere. It's not listed in
     "<emph>Bri</emph>tish books in print" or "A<emph>mer</emph>ican books in print".</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/><pause/> And you look after: just: pendulum.</u>
    <u who="AP">Well, the "Story <emph>of</emph> the pendulum", ▾yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲"Story◀ <emph>of</emph> the pendulum". I <unclear>suppose</unclear> they're kind
     of <pause/> listed by the <pause/> alphabet, by: the name of the ▾title of the book.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<note>blows through lips</note>◀ Well that's what I've just looked up, yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> ▾<unclear>I see:.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲I mean it's:◀ under "Pendulum, story <emph>of</emph>", you see but it's
     <emph>not</emph> <pause/> it's not there. You don't know who the author is, do you?</u>
    <u who="Cwn">No.</u>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>Hm.</unclear> <pause/> Well: ‑ <note>laughs</note> Yeah. I don't know, you‑
     you've been to the <emph>his</emph>tory department.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Mhm.</u>
    <u who="AP">And you've been to languages next door.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Well I‑ it was not a language book.</u>
    <u who="AP">Well okay, but I mean they have: um: simplified <emph>En</emph>glish books there for
     example. <pause/> They have: abridged: easy readers, <pause/> in that department.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">But that was nothing to do with that.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=It wasn't. Right. And have you tried the <emph>li</emph>terature
     department <emph>on</emph> the ground floor.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">No, I think‑ I didn't try psychology and‑ and the literature department.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Well, litera▾ture sounds‑◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲It couldn't be◀ on the <emph>third</emph> floor couldn't it‑ could it?</u>
    <u who="AP">There isn't‑ well, I mean the third floor is offices.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Just offices.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Erhh <pause/> okay, so I must ▾<unclear>try
     elsewhere</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Sorry. I've‑◀ <emph>No</emph> idea.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Thank you very much.</u>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>Okay</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑13">
    <u who="Cm">Sorry to bother you, I'm looking for a book: written by Irving Copi C O P I.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes?</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=The book is called "Introduction to logic".</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: yes: we: ‑ we have that.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑14">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cw">Even though it's not <emph>you</emph>, do you know where I might get the "Writer's
     yearbook".</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, next door. Er if you ask at the next desk on ▾the:◀ <pause/>
     <unclear>left</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Lovely.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑15">
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Anything on:</unclear> meditation and: the eastern philosophies.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Erm: meditation ‑ well. The back wall of religious <unclear>studies</unclear>
     classics, they're <emph>all</emph> there. Meditation's <unclear>on a</unclear> couple of
     shelves with Buddhism.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Thanks very much.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=And there's also some down in psychology in the basement.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Right. <pause/> <unclear>Okay.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑16">
    <u who="Cwn"><note>overlaps talk between As</note> ▲Excuse me, where can I◀ find
     <emph>these</emph> books. <pause dur="PT02S"/> These two <unclear extent="2syll"/> here.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah, you need to be in the: n‑ next department ▾along.◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Next depart◀ment <unclear>sorry</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑17">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cm">Excuse me, have you got: <unclear>these three. In moral philo▾s: ‑</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well we've◀ got er: Zaner, <pause/> er <emph>on</emph>ly of those: at the
     ▾moment,◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Right:.◀ D'you know where I can ▾find <unclear>the others</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Apart from Foy,◀ but you've got Foy already, haven't you?</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=▾I've got◀ these two.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==▲Um:◀ <pause/><pause/> Zaner's reprinting. I asked Macmillan that
     yesterday.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑18">
    <u who="Cm">Have you got any books in this department on <emph>la</emph>teral thinking?</u>
    <u who="AP">No. Erm: De Bono, and er ‑</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Any other lateral thinkers there are around are in the psychology
     department in the ▾basement.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Psycholo◀gy, <unclear>thank you</unclear>. Thank you. Where's that? ▾In the
     basement.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲In the basement.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑19">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>D'you know if</unclear>‑</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=<unclear>Yeah.</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Erm look for: um ‑ <unclear>this</unclear> Terry Eagleton,
     "Literary theory"?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah, it's generally kept in the um: <emph>li</emph>terature department ▾on the
     ground floor. Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Oh is it down below? Yeah.◀ Okay, thanks very much, and how about: Terence Hawkes:
     ‑</u>
    <u who="AP">"Structuralism and: semiotics:" is that:?</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Hm.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. That's er: <pause/><pause/> should be there.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Over here somewhere?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Right. Thanks. <note>in the distance</note> <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> <unclear>??</unclear> <unclear>don't take the
     complete</unclear> series, but a<emph>gain</emph> they: er: do that downstairs. Well, I
     <emph>think</emph> they do <unclear>it down there.</unclear> <pause/> <unclear>It's one of
     the</unclear> "New accents" series.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yes, that's the one.</u>
    <u who="AP">Well, you can take that down.</u>
    <u who="Cw">This one?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Okay. ▾Fine. Thanks.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲And er:◀ pay down there.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Thank you</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑20">
    <note>interrupts talk between As. C1 and C2 are together</note>
    <u who="AJ">Yes. Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="C1w"><note>to C2</note> Yeah, what book is it. <pause/> What are you looking for.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><unclear extent="8syll"/> ▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲No, what◀ book is it.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Er "Philosophy of:" ‑ "Philosophy".</u>
    <u who="C1w">"Philosoph▾y of:" ‑◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲"Of hu◀man::" ‑</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">="Of human ▾movement".◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲"Movement".◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Er by Best?</u>
    <u who="C1w">▾Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">I <emph>don</emph>'t think we've got it. We used to keep it but I don't think we</u>
    <pause/>
    <pause/>
    <pause/>
    <pause/>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑21">
    <u who="Cw">Hello. ▾Erm:◀ is it possible to pay for books downstairs, <unclear>as I
     need</unclear> a book ▾▾downstairs as well, I can just take it there.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Hello.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yes: anywhere you ‑ like,◀◀ yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑22/a">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="C1wn">Do you have a book called "The order of things" by ‑</u>
    <u who="AP">Foucault.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">That's right.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: well <emph>we've</emph> sold out at the moment, but they ▾also◀ keep it:
     <pause/> <emph>up</emph>stairs in sociology on the <emph>se</emph>cond floor.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲<unclear>Yes.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Right. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B‑22/b">
    <u who="C2wn">Excuse me. Where do you keep books on journalism?</u>
    <u who="AP">Journalism. Um: well they have - there's media studies on the <emph>se</emph>cond
     floor, <pause/> and they have a: section journalism and publishing: -</u>
    <u who="C2wn" trans="latching">=Oh publishing's there.</u>
    <u who="AP">Just there. <pause/> Just facing you.</u>
    <u who="C2wn"><unclear>Right. Okay.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-23">
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="5syll"/>, recently published by - Bur:chfield, "The English
     language", ▾have you got that?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<emph>Yes</emph>, it's:◀ um: sold out, it's re▾printing◀ al<emph>read</emph>y, and
     it's due to come back again: they're <emph>hop</emph>ing about the eighteenth of:
     <emph>this</emph> month.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Oh!◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==Okay. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-24">
    <u who="Cmn">Can you tell me where the Africa de<emph>part</emph>ment is?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Second floor <unclear>now</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="Cmn"><unclear>First up</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Mhm.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-25">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cm">McDuell's "Chemistry", <pause/> and workbooks on chemistry, where can I ▾find
     them.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear>Down</unclear> in the◀ basement.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Basement?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Okay. Thank you.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-26">
    <u who="Cw">The <emph>book</emph> you've got downstairs in the window called - er "Feminism and
     lit- linguistic the▾ory".◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes.◀ Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Can you tell me where it is, ▾and I can◀ have a look at it?
     <pause/> Oh, <emph>there</emph> it is, ▾▾<unclear>right◀◀ in front of
     lin▾▾▾guistics.</unclear>◀◀◀ <note>laughs</note> Okay thanks hh.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲We have that.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲<unclear>Right.</unclear>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲▲<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀◀◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-27">
    <note>AP is talking to himself as he works</note>
    <u who="Cmn">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">I'm looking for a book by Aaron V <pause/> Bees. <pause/> "Institute of credit
     management".</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Ah. That will be: in the: business section on the <emph>se</emph>cond
     floor.</u>
    <u who="Cmn"><pause/> Up here?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-28">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=Where is: a dictionary, of- English pronoun:cing
     ▾dictionary.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er:◀ that's the <emph>next</emph> department, if you ask on the next desk on the
     left.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-29">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cw">Hello. If you haven't got: Cicero's: "De oratore", <pause/> in the Loeb, ▾or in the:
     -◀ paperback, <pause/> does that mean you haven't got it at ▾▾all?◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes::.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Did you want◀◀ it in translation, ▾or: -◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Mm:.◀ <pause/> ▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Erm: -◀ Does it <emph>come</emph> in Penguin?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Well I'm not sure you see, I I- I ▾had a look◀ downstairs and I couldn't see it.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Right:.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT03S">
     <desc> AP looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Cicero.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yes.</u>
    <pause dur="PT19S"/>
    <u who="AP"><note>clears throat</note> <pause/> Right. There's erm: "Letters to Atticus:",
     <pause/> "Murder trials:", <pause/> "On the good life:", <pause/> "Selected political speeches"
     and "Selected <emph>works</emph>", so there's <emph>five</emph>.</u>
    <u who="Cw">No:.</u>
    <u who="AP">So I suppose it <emph>might</emph> be somewhere in amongst: -</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=I don't suppose ▾so, 'cos it's a <emph>ve</emph>ry◀
     <emph>long</emph> thing, ▾▾so it would be -◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲You don't suppose so.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Ah. I see.◀◀ <pause/> Yes. I - I <emph>don't</emph> remember seeing it, it doesn't
     sound that kind of ▾popular◀ a title somehow does it, but -</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw"><note>sottovoce</note> Oh hell! <pause dur="PT02S"/> <note>normal</note> Doesn't the
     Loeb do it either, or is that- ▾is that-◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh I'm◀ sure they do. Yes, they do umpteeen volumes. <pause/> Erm: <pause/> just a
     moment.</u>
    <incident dur="PT05S">
     <desc> AP looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cw">I <emph>think</emph> you've got: the <emph>last</emph> book, <pause/> book three, in
     amongst others.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cw">But you haven't got books one and two anyway. <pause/> Oh well it's not on the
     shelf.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: yes, you see Cicero, there's erm: some: sixteen seventeen- probably
     <emph>twen</emph>ty volumes.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Yeah. There's quihhte a l- ▾quite a◀ few, yes.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Er sorry what was that again?</u>
    <u who="Cw">It's "De oratore".</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: yeah, it comes in <emph>two</emph> volumes:. <pause/> Er: you've got: mm - well.
     <pause/> It's: parts one and two:, in the first volume, and the second volume has got part
     three,</u>
    <u who="Cw">Uhuh.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=And: there's probably some fragments, or other
     ▾<emph>bits</emph>:.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Yes:,◀ that's right. But you haven't got one- ▾one and two.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well only what's:◀ on the shelf there.</u>
    <u who="Cw">So there's - does that mean you're out of stock ▾at the moment?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes it does,◀ yes. <pause/> ▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Oh.◀ Right. <pause/> Okay, thanks very much anyway.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Do you want to <emph>take</emph> this?</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Sorry?</u>
    <u who="AP">Do you want to <emph>take</emph> that?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Mm::!</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=<unclear>It's a</unclear> list.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-30">
    <u who="Cm">Do you keep <unclear>only this copy? Opus:</unclear> - mh. <pause/> ▾<unclear
     extent="2syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well◀ they <emph>might</emph> have upstairs: in mythology: <pause/> ▾section, on
     the second floor.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Mm: mythology section,◀ <unclear>pardon</unclear>?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> Or:, failing that the - <emph>Pen</emph>guin
     department on the ground floor.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-31">
    <note>interrupts talk between As. C1 and C2 are together</note>
    <u who="C1m">Is this the reference department?</u>
    <u who="AZ">No, it's just on that wall ▾there, as you go through.◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><note>?to another C</note> ▲Er: if you want to pay, it's on the◀ <pause/> desk ▾in
     the centre there.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲Oh!◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">On your right now.</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=Yeah. Okay.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching"><note>?to another C</note> =Okay.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-32">
    <u who="Cw">Can you tell me if you have books on teaching the deaf?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Er we keep books: like that in education and psychology in the
     basement.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Thanks.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear extent="3syll"/> right.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear extent="3syll"/></u>
    <u who="AZ">Oh you have to - pay at the till, if you take it down with you ▾and you can pay◀ it
     down there.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">Okay. Thank you very much. <pause/> <unclear extent="7syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yes:.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-33">
    <u who="Cm">Hello: I'm looking for <emph>this</emph> book, "Demosthenes and Isthanes",
     Penguin.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Er: <pause/> <unclear>Let me see if we stock ▾it or -</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Apparently◀ it's out of print. The bloke downstairs had a look for it and
     <unclear>he</unclear> said <pause/> you might have it under another: pub-
     <emph>pub</emph>lishing house.</u>
    <pause dur="PT10S"/>
    <u who="AP">Who's it by.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause dur="PT01S"/> I don't know. <pause/> All I know it's ▾called is◀ "Demosthenes
     and ▾▾Isthanes".◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<unclear>Yes.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲I'll look it up◀◀ for you.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes:. ▾<unclear>Mhm.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲I'm getting it◀ for a friend who does classics.</u>
    <incident dur="PT37S">
     <desc> AZ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">No, it's not listed at all, it's out of print.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Right. ▾Okay, thank◀ you very much.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<unclear>Okay. Thank you.</unclear>◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-34">
    <u who="Cwn">Er: do you have a book called: "Working with <emph>Eng</emph>lish
     <emph>id</emph>ioms"?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Er <pause/> well we probably do, but I think that would be in the
     <emph>lan</emph>guage department next door.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Yeah. <unclear>Okay</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-35">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me- in which depart - depart:ment would I be likely to find a book called
     "Instrument of thy peace", by Alan Paton.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Erm: well, is it a novel?</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Er- no it's um: <pause/> religious.</u>
    <u who="AP">Religious. Well in this department then. Um: <pause/><pause/> <note>sottovoce</note>
     I'm not sure whether we have-</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-36">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me, where's the psychology section.</u>
    <u who="AZ">In the basement.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Oh. Right</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-37">
    <u who="C1m">Excuse me. Erm: have you got Will Durant's "The story of philosophy"? You haven't
     got it out there, you've got one of his other books, <pause/> but: -</u>
    <u who="AZ">Er: -</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=You might have it in <unclear>another</unclear> department. In
     economics. <pause/> Or in ▾politics.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<unclear>Yes.</unclear>◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT09S">
     <desc> AZ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">No, I'm afraid it's not one we stock.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Okay. <unclear>Look</unclear> where could I get er <unclear>the Cullie and the
     Brown</unclear> books, would they be in the poetry section?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Er: yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Um: <pause/> can I take this down there <unclear>too,</unclear> ▾<unclear
     extent="2syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲I would like◀ to pay it by Access. ▾That's all right, is it?◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<note>?to C1</note> <unclear>All right. That's fine.</unclear>◀ <pause/> <note>?to
     C2</note> Yes.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-38">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me. I want ▾the ad◀ministrative <pause/> department.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Hm.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Er: second floor. <pause/> Next one.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>??</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-39">
    <note>C1 and C2 are together</note>
    <u who="C1wn">Excuse me, how <emph>much</emph> is it. I can't find the price.</u>
    <u who="AP">Uh it sh- <pause/> it may be - pencilled in the side. Yeah. <emph>Se</emph>ven
     ninety five.</u>
    <u who="C1wn">Seven <emph>nine</emph>ty five?</u>
    <u who="AP">M▾hm?◀</u>
    <u who="C1wn">▲S-◀ seven?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Well, eight pounds.</u>
    <u who="C1wn" trans="latching">=Ah, sette ▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="C2wn">▲Ah seventy hh.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT75S">
     <desc> discussion in Italian between C1 and C2</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1wn">Here I have to pay?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=No. On the desk in the centre <unclear>over there,
     please</unclear>.</u>
    <note>C1 returns in B-42</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-40">
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Have you got-</unclear> <pause/> Have you got this book <unclear>in
     religion</unclear>, "The spirit of mankind"?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes:. Yes <unclear>we should</unclear>.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-41">
    <u who="Cwn">Er excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Some - erm: literary criticism, on: spy stories,
     <emph>where</emph> I can find it?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Er: well:, in: the: <emph>li</emph>terature department on the
     <emph>ground</emph> floor.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> <emph>Ground</emph> floor.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-42">
    <note>same C as in B-39</note>
    <u who="Cwn">Excuse me. ▾How much◀ is that?</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Er: no, that's the department code. I think the price of
     <emph>that</emph> one will be on the back.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">On the back. <pause/> ▾Ah yeah!◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲There it is.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod B-43">
    <u who="Cm">Er do you stock "Reading by numbers" by <pause/> Ken Worpole.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: well it's probably in the language: department next door.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-01">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Erm <pause/> have you got Popper's "Conjectures and refutations", or <pause/>
     <unclear>Duchesne</unclear>-</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Mhm. No, we haven't at the moment I'm afraid. We're - waiting for
     some more to come in. Hopefully they're going to be here next week.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Are they.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<unclear extent="3syll"/> ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>◀
     <unclear>next door</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==What happened to the Duchesne, is that: er -</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/><pause/> "In: search of physical theory". It's worth trying the er:: physics
     department in the basement for that.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah. <pause/> Okay. Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-02">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Can I leave <emph>these</emph> here?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes sure. Er <unclear>the thing is-</unclear> d'you want to - leave them for some
     time, or are you going to look for some more books.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Sorry?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Are you collec▾ting some more books.◀ That's okay, just leave them here.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Yeah. <unclear extent="4syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Can I leave this too?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><emph>No</emph>. You have to take that with you I'm afraid.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-03">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me, have you got a civil engineering, department, ▾<unclear>on the first
     floor</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Er:◀ civil engi▾neer◀ing, um: <pause dur="PT02S"/> <emph>Try</emph>: engineering,
     <pause/> and electronics in the basement. ▾▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>Mm.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲▲Oh it's in◀◀ the basement, is it? ▾<unclear>Oh yes.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲There's a lift◀ just round the corner.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Right</unclear> <unclear extent="4syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-04">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> You have this: <note>gulps</note> <pause/> er: MacEwan, "Survival of the
     novel"?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Ask on the - literature department on the ground floor.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><unclear>Okay. Thank you.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-05">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">Yes please, I: wonder if you've got <emph>this</emph> one. <pause/> "Varieties of
     contemporary English".</u>
    <u who="AJ">No. You'll have to ask in the next de▾partment◀ along I'm afraid, they ▾▾can◀◀ help
     you there. <pause/><pause/> <unclear extent="2syll"/></u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲Aha.◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲▲<unclear extent="1syll"/>.◀◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-06">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Hello. Do you have this book in <unclear>linguistics</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I'm sorry. <pause/><pause/> Which one am I looking at?</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Schwartz</unclear>. <pause dur="PT02S"/> ▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="3syll"/>◀ <unclear extent="1syll"/> - I <emph>don't</emph> think I
     have at the moment.</u>
    <incident dur="PT32S">
     <desc> AJ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">Well I can't actually find it listed <emph>an</emph>ywhere, which is silly, I know
     we keep it.</u>
    <pause dur="PT24S"/>
    <u who="AJ">No. We haven't got it at the moment I'm afraid. <pause/> Um: <pause/><pause/>
     <note>sottovoce</note> I'm trying to find out why not.</u>
    <pause dur="PT10S"/>
    <u who="AJ"><note>sottovoce</note> <unclear>No, nothing doing.</unclear> <note>normal</note>
     It's on order. <pause/> It's: <pause/> coming from the United States of America.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=So it's going to be some time before it gets here. It's been on
     order for: <pause/> six weeks now, so hopefully within the next three to four weeks we should
     have it.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Okay</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-07">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me. <pause/> Can you ▾tell◀ me which floor's shorthand. <pause/>
     <emph>Books</emph> ▾▾on <unclear>??</unclear>.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲On the next floor◀◀ upstairs on the: economics department.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-08">
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Um: I'm looking for a title: called "Bodymind", <unclear>er</unclear> Ken:
     Dychtwald.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Don't know it. How do you spell the name ▾<unclear>or
     something</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲D Y,◀ C H, T W A L D. It's er Wildwood: House.</u>
    <u who="AJ">D Y, C H?</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><unclear>Mm.</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT23S">
     <desc> AJ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cm">It may be out of print. Think it ▾was published-◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Three ninety◀ five, Wildwood House.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">That's all I can <emph>tell</emph> you about it. <pause/> Um: -</u>
    <u who="Cm">Not one ▾you stock.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲D'you know what-◀ It's not one I stock. ▾D'you know-◀ what it's about?</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Well:, <note>blows through lips</note> er: - I mean it's: sort of: religion
     <pause/> stroke philosophy, I think.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> <unclear>No.</unclear> <pause/> ▾<unclear extent="2syll"
     />-◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Sort of◀ para- maybe ▾parapsy◀chology, ▾▾or: -◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Well what <unclear>sort of-</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲Ah.◀◀ <pause/> Parapsychology has its own little section, downstairs on the
     psychology department.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Oh I see.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=It's worth trying <emph>there</emph>. ▾It'll be well worth-◀ we're
     <emph>known</emph> for doing: <pause/> doing sort of esoteric religion, ▾▾for want of a
     better-◀◀ a ▾▾▾better word,◀◀◀ but: that's one I've <emph>not</emph> come across. <pause/>
     ▾▾▾▾Try◀◀◀◀ psychology, as I say in the base▾▾▾▾▾ment,◀◀◀◀◀ and see if they've got one
     there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Right.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲Yes.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲▲Yeah.◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲▲▲<unclear>No.</unclear>◀◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲▲▲▲Okay.◀◀◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Basement, is it?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah. In the basement, as far that way as you can go.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=All right. Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-09/a">
    <u who="C1m">Erm: -</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Excuse me, where can I find reference. Dictionaries.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Just through there, where it says reference.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Ah:. Thanks.</u>
    <pause dur="PT02S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-09/b">
    <u who="C2m">Architecture, drawing design.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Pardon?</u>
    <u who="C2m">Architecture.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Three rooms ▾that◀ way.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲<unclear>Drawing</unclear>.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-10">
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Hm.</unclear> <pause/> I'm looking for - er: a book of bible stories, and I
     was told that Penguin did one. <pause dur="PT01S"/> ▾<unclear>I mean</unclear>◀ the bible -</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Mhm?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> No. Penguins don't do one, no. ▾<unclear>Erm</unclear> -◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>Well</unclear> what◀ about the Penguin bibles?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Yes, but I - it's: <pause/> First of all it's not a- not
     available at <emph>all</emph> at the moment.</u>
    <u who="Cw">No?</u>
    <u who="AJ">It <emph>is</emph> just the new testament.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Oh ▾it is.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲And◀ it <emph>is</emph> the bible, <pause/> ▾it's not bible◀ stories.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲It is the bible.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">==Okay then. Is there ▾any such◀ thing?</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Um -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">It's - there <emph>are</emph> books of bible stories, I don't keep them
     <emph>here</emph> though. They <emph>may</emph> keep them on the children's department.</u>
    <u who="Cw">They're all children's stories.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> Not- <pause/> The only way <pause/> <emph>I</emph>
     keep bible stories is the bible.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Okay. <pause/> Which is the most recen- readable, <pause/> version.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> That really is very- very much a- <pause/> an independent choice.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=The latest - the latest and I think the <emph>best</emph>:
     <pause/> er modern translation is- is the: erm: "New English" - "New <emph>En</emph>glish"
     version.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Mhm?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Um - it's still written in chapter and verse.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">There <emph>is</emph> one, <pause/> however, called: "The reader's bible".</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Which: <pause/> is written as prose.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Mhm?</u>
    <u who="AJ">But the language <pause/> isn't anywhere <emph>near</emph> as good as- well
     obviously the A- the AV, ▾the origin◀al, King James one, or indeed even the: <pause/> the:
     <unclear>"New English" one</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">I see.</u>
    <u who="AJ">It's a very very <unclear>gross</unclear>, simplified English, it's: - it's the
     bible made into a story, basically.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Okay, so it loses.</u>
    <u who="AJ">It loses, ▾it lo◀ses a lot.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">You can have - <unclear>d'y</unclear>- if you're gonna have bible stories, you know,
     let's have bible stories, ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Yeah.◀ <pause/><pause/> <unclear>Thank you</unclear>. <pause/> ▾<unclear>Can I◀
     leave them here</unclear>?</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>-◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==Yeah. Of course you can. <unclear extent="4syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-11">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="Cw">D'you have Cameron: uh- "Feminism and linguistic theory" in this department, or:
     -</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes, which one?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Came▾ron's.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah,◀ we've got one copy left.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Oh:, ▾<unclear>lucky again</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Third shelf down. Erm:◀ <unclear>the bright</unclear> yellow book.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-12/a">
    <u who="C1m">Erm: - <unclear>I'm not sure</unclear> if this is the right area for: <pause/>
     speech ma:- books on how to write a speech or something.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah. Next department along, on the reference section.</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-12/b">
    <u who="C2m">Pay? ▾Here?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲No,◀ over there.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><unclear>Over there.</unclear> <pause/> <unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-13">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Sorry, can you tell me where - archaeology is?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Three rooms that way.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-14">
    <u who="Cwn">You <emph>don't</emph> accept book tokens here, do you?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes, we do.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Yes you do!</u>
    <u who="AP">Oh, yes!</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Where is the Italian section ▾please.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Um:◀ it's: er <pause/> well- <note>clears throat</note> I <emph>think</emph> it's
     just beyond the cash desk - <emph>sor</emph>ry ▾just beyond the en<emph>quiry</emph> desk◀ in
     the next department.<pause/> Next department anyway. ▾▾<note>inbreath</note>◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲<unclear>I can see French, so: -</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲▲Thank you.◀◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-15">
    <u who="Cm">Hello. <pause/> I was - looking for: um: <pause/> that <unclear extent="3syll"
     />.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes:, we have that.</u>
    <u who="Cm">I was just wondering <pause/> where would it be:, ▾or -◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er◀ yeah, it's in the: um - well I - I'll -</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Ah, okay. <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-16">
    <u who="Cw">Would this be the floor for Donald Soper's autobiography, <pause/> "Calling for
     action".</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm:: well no, it's rather curious this one, i- it: um <pause/> <emph>We</emph>
     didn't take it, <pause/> in religion, <pause/> and it ▾rather◀ looks as if nobody took it
     <emph>any</emph>where.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>Oh.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">Oh. <pause/> I hh see. <pause/> Okay. Thanks hh.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-17">
    <note>interrupts talk between AP and a publisher's representative</note>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=Where can I find these books <unclear extent="2syll"/>?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Um: <pause/> dum dum dum: well. Er:: <pause/><pause/> the:
     "Foundations:: er in accounting" will be on the <emph>se</emph>cond floor, in business,</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><pause/> Yes?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Er: "How to pass examinations in statistics:" <pause/>
     <emph>may</emph> be up there as well,</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Or it <emph>may</emph> be in education in the basement.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Okay. <pause/> ▾Thanks.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Okay?◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-18">
    <note>interrupts talk between AP and a publisher's representative</note>
    <u who="AP">S- sorry.</u>
    <u who="Cm">I'm looking for: a copy of: Emmanuel Kant's "Critique of pure reason", published by
     Macmillan. Because there's: an <emph>Ev</emph>ery▾man e◀dition ▾▾on the shelf-◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Ah.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yes.◀◀ We are out of it at the moment. It- it <emph>is</emph> on order, and may
     arrive at any moment, <emph>but</emph>: <pause/> as of this moment ▾<unclear>we don't actually
     stock it</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Okay. So it's still -◀ it <emph>is</emph> still a going concern, ▾is it?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh yes.◀ Very much so, yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Okay, ▾<unclear>thanks◀ very much</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-19">
    <note>interrupts talk between AP and an acquaintance</note>
    <u who="Cw">D'you know if you've got this.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="Cw">▾You've got "Style in fiction".◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er: well at first◀ glance, we haven't, no. Um: <pause/> but they also keep it in
     the: <pause/> er literature department ▾on the ground◀ floor.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Oh do they.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">O▾kay.◀ <pause/> Thanks.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-20">
    <u who="Cwn">Excuse me <unclear extent="1syll"/>?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Mm.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Can you help me. <pause/><pause/> Where can I get <emph>this</emph> book?</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: <pause/> Ah:.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=<unclear>The book on that list</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP">S- well the: erm: - most of those would be literature on the <emph>ground</emph>
     floor.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><unclear>Look, I've been ▾to the ground◀ floor, ▾▾they</unclear> told me
     classics.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Okay, well the◀◀ <emph>So</emph>phocles is the only one <emph>we</emph> would
     have, you see.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Oh.</u>
    <u who="AP">"Oedipus rex". ▾<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲<unclear>Yeah.◀ I'll take it,</unclear> <unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-21">
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="2syll"/> <unclear>the number in the</unclear> book.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Er: twenty five race relations, <note>note Lod 2</note> <emph>se</emph>cond
     floor.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> I thought this <emph>was</emph> the second floor, ▾sorry.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲No,◀ you passed the mezzanine on the way up.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Up here?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-22/a">
    <u who="C1m"><unclear>Er</unclear> excuse me. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Er: <pause/> how can I:
     <pause/> check: if you have these two books? <pause/> <unclear extent="4syll"/>?</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm: well, "History of modern Europe" um: <pause/> er'd be history department, which
     is the next desk on the <emph>right</emph>, <pause/> and: the: economics is on the
     <emph>se</emph>cond floor.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Where is that.</u>
    <u who="AP"><emph>Se</emph>cond ▾floor.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Second◀ floor. ▾Upstairs.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Next one up.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-22/b">
    <u who="C2m">Where might I find something on Roman social history.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: well: two places:, there's our own: - there's the history and criticism on the
     right hand wall of the back room there,</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Yes, I've had a look there.</u>
    <u who="AP">Right. Okay. Next is the ancient history section in the history department.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause/> Where is that, just ▾down there?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well: -◀ <pause/> Yeah. If you ask on the next desk on the right there.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Right. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-23/a">
    <u who="C1m">Uh: - I bought these books for - <emph>one</emph> yesterday <pause/> and: er one
     <pause/> very recently.</u>
    <u who="AP">What subject <pause/> ▾is it?◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Er◀ philosophy.</u>
    <u who="AP">Philo▾sophy. Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲And I'd like to:◀ <pause/> change them <pause/> <unclear>please</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> That's okay is it?</u>
    <u who="AP">I don't know. What's why hh. <pause/> What's the reason that you're-</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Erm: <pause/> well. Bought the wrong ones. <pause/> ▾Really.◀
     <pause/> <unclear>It's f-</unclear></u>
    <u who="AP">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT08S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1m"><note>clears throat</note></u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Okay. What: er: - what do you want. Do you know, ▾or: -◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Er:◀ yes, I know what I want.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> Erm: <pause/> "The phi- the - philosophical works of Des:cartes". <pause/>
     ▾Vol◀ume: one.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Whi-◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Volume one. Yes:. <pause/><pause/> Is that all.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=That's it.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Okay.</u>
    <incident dur="PT27S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Right, well that's: er <pause/><pause/> nine fifty, so: - <pause dur="PT02S"/>
     <note>sottovoce</note> <unclear>What have we got here? Fine.</unclear> <unclear extent="5syll"
     /></u>
    <pause dur="PT15S"/>
    <u who="AP">Right, you've got three for- three pound forty credit.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> Ah! <pause/> Okay, can I: <pause/> can I loo- look at something ▾else,
     <unclear>then</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah.◀ <unclear>Sorry.</unclear> Sure.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Thanks.</u>
    <pause dur="PT240S"/>
    <u who="AP">Right: hh. Fifteen pence now then.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Oh. Well - hh.</u>
    <u who="AP">Are you: not bothered about <unclear>that ▾then</unclear>?◀ <pause/> Okay.</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲No.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT20S">
     <desc> sound of paper</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Ha- have you got the receipt actually, I ▾mean: it doesn't really matter but -◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Erm: - there's◀ one -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=In one of the books, was it?</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/><pause/> <note>clears throat</note> It's in the:
     <pause/> other one, I think.</u>
    <incident dur="PT13S">
     <desc> AP looks in book</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1m">Not in there? <pause/><pause/> <unclear extent="1syll"/>? <note>inbreath</note></u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AP">Oh well. Doesn't matter. I mean -</u>
    <u who="C1m">Hm.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=I'm just going to give it to you actually anyway.</u>
    <u who="C1m">I'm sure I put it in that packet. Thank you.</u>
    <pause dur="PT01S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-23/b">
    <u who="C2m">Good afternoon. <pause/> Erm: Hume's: "Enquiries".</u>
    <u who="AP">Er - I'm afraid it's reprinting.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Is it?</u>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. ▾The-◀ the Selby Bigge: <pause/> ▾▾edition you wanted,◀◀ yes.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Oh.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲▲Yes. That's right.◀◀</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">===Yes.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=No.</u>
    <u who="C2m">So it'll be- you don't know how long ▾it may be then.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲I haven't even◀ got a date at the moment for ▾its:◀ reappearance, no.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲No.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">==So it could be: - what, ▾months?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲It could be◀ a matter of a: couple of weeks, it could be a matter of a couple of
     months. ▾I would◀ <emph>think</emph> that it will <emph>not</emph> probably be too long.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">Right.</u>
    <u who="AP"><emph>But</emph>. Hh.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=<unclear>You mean</unclear> not- not to be held.</u>
    <u who="AP">No.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-23/c">
    <u who="C3m"><unclear>Can I</unclear> pay for these ▾please.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er- yeah,◀ on the desk in the ▾<unclear>centre there</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C3m">▲No, it's on an ac◀count.</u>
    <u who="AP">Ah.</u>
    <incident dur="PT16S">
     <desc> C3 gives AP letter showing account number</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C3m"><unclear extent="2syll"/> they were going to issue <emph>cards</emph>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Oh, god knows. Hh.</u>
    <u who="C3m">This letter's ▾getting grubbier◀ and grubbier.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲I give up hh.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==What?</u>
    <u who="C3m">This letter's ▾getting◀ grubbier and grubbier.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yeah:.◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Some people just come in and quote their number, I mean hh -</u>
    <u who="C3m" trans="latching">=<unclear>Oh</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AP">Numerous representations have been made f- <pause/> <emph>to</emph> them, <pause/>
     ▾er:◀ from here, and er: <pause/> nothing has had any effect, so er: <pause/><pause/> I
     shouldn't worry. <note>sniffs</note> Er: right. <rs>V A R forty seven</rs>.</u>
    <u who="C3m">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT110S"/>
    <u who="AP">Thanks very ▾much.◀</u>
    <u who="C3m">▲Thank you◀ very much. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Can I have the: er letter back,
     <unclear>please</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Oh. Yes, sorry.</u>
    <pause dur="PT25S"/>
    <u who="C3m">Thank you.</u>
    <u who="AP">Okay.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-24">
    <u who="Cmn">I was just wondering:, have you: got something called "Italian verbs
     <emph>sim</emph>plified" ▾<unclear>by</unclear> Hu◀go.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Erm: -◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Well: probably yes, that would be in the next department, on the left.</u>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=Where- ▾right down at the end-◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Next to-◀ next <emph>desk</emph> on the left, if you ask there.</u>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=On the left.</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=Right.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-25">
    <u who="Cw">I'm sorry I - I'm trying to get hold of- what I really want is a <pause/> Jewish
     calendar, of some kind to show you <pause/> what the: erm -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Holidays are, and things ▾like that,◀ to see how their year goes.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Erm: -</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Jewish bookshops are closed until Sunday.</u>
    <u who="AP">Oh I see.</u>
    <u who="Cw">So they sent ▾me here.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well: -◀ yes. We do have erm: "A guide to Jewish knowledge", by: erm: <pause/>
     Pearl and Brookes:, which: would <emph>pro</emph>bably give you the details.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Mm:, it'd probably be frightfully expensive. I mean I was
     just-</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=No:. <pause/> ▾Well.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲How much◀ is that.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Well, let's have a look.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Hh okay.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-26">
    <note>interrupts talk between As and an acquaintance</note>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Have you got any R W Burchfield book on lingui▾stics.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<emph>No</emph>,◀ we- we've sold out, and it's reprinting already, and it's due
     back on the eigh<emph>teen</emph>th: of ▾this month.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Okay hh◀ right, thanks very much. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-27/a1">
    <note>interrupts talk between As and an acquaintance</note>
    <u who="AP">▾Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Could you◀ tell me: er when you'll be getting in: Kant's "Critique, of:
     <emph>prac</emph>tical <pause/> reason".</u>
    <u who="AP">"<emph>Prac</emph>tical reason".</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause dur="PT02S"/> ▾<unclear>??</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Erm:◀ I thought we had it act- no. No, we've got the "Critique of judgment",
     haven't we. Erm: I'll have a look.</u>
    <incident dur="PT20S">
     <desc> AP looks in files, talk between AJ and acquaintance</desc>
    </incident>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-27/b">
    <u who="C2w"><note>overlaps talk between AJ and acquaintance</note> ▲Do you◀ have any books on
     careers.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> N- not here, but if you go to the education department on the ground floor.
     ▾No.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲<unclear>On the</unclear> ground◀ floor.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Basement, <unclear>I was thinking of</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=Basement?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-27/a2">
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Well: hh we've got problems there, because it's: erm published by
     Bobbs Merrill, <pause/> ▾in the◀ States and erm <pause/> they used to be distributed over here
     they are <emph>now</emph> no <emph>lon</emph>ger distributed over here. <pause/><pause/> And: -
     oh, we have got - ▾▾<note>to AJ</note> Have we got a: -◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Mhm?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲We have◀◀ had a: request for payment, I have put through - through: <pause/> er:
     <pause/> a request for payment myself, ▾asking them◀ to pay for them: - I'm just waiting for
     the books, for the ▾▾payment of the books.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes:.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yes:, it'll◀◀ be a- it'll be <emph>weeks</emph> before we get
     <emph>an</emph>ything, <pause/><pause/> from them I'm ▾afraid.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Weeks,◀ what's that. <unclear>What's that</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Well:, six seven eight - <pause/><pause/> ▾Huh.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Right.◀ You'll be getting ▾<emph>some</emph> in <unclear>when they're
     here</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲They're coming from the States.◀ Yeah. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">=Can I re▾serve◀ one of those <unclear>yet</unclear>?</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes. <pause/> But don't bank on it coming in. <pause/><pause/> Because um: -</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AP">A lot of the things that they do, <pause/> were published a long time ago, and:
     they've just been selling them from the warehouse, and as soon as they've run out at the
     warehouse they've stopped. They're not reprinting, so: -</u>
    <u who="C1w"><pause/><pause/> Do I have to pay anything?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=<emph>No</emph>, no, nothing at all, ▾no.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Mhm.◀ Great.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> But I would look hard elsewhere and try libraries, because::
     -</u>
    <u who="C1w">Well yes. I just want to buy a: - a- <unclear extent="3syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
    <u who="AP"><note>to AJ</note> You haven't got the list here, have you? <unclear extent="3syll"
     /> <pause/> <unclear extent="2syll"/>?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Which list?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Oh, we've got them in there, haven't we. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Ah
     no, wait a minute.</u>
    <u who="AJ?"><unclear>Here it is.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AP">Hold on. Hold on.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I'm sorry, I'm not ▾listening to you, <unclear>and I don't -</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲No:, the- the Bobbs Merrill◀ that we sent off, the: -</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/><pause/> N:: - no:, they were still -</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Were they all together under ▾B for◀ Bobbs Merrill?</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah, they were all t-◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==Yeah, they were all together under B for Bobbs ▾Merrill.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh.◀ <note>to C1</note> In that case it means <emph>this</emph> isn't on order at
     all.</u>
    <u who="C1w"><pause/> Right:.</u>
    <u who="AP">Um: <pause/> huh let me just check whether there's an English edition, I don't:
     <emph>think</emph> that there is.</u>
    <pause dur="PT10S"/>
    <u who="AP">You see we haven't actually <emph>had</emph> that since: <pause/> September eighty
     <emph>two</emph>.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Maybe out of print?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>. Out of stock.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==▲Hh we've ordered it◀ <emph>ump</emph>teen times ever since, and
     then never ▾received it.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Out of stock.◀ They haven't got - well, last time, ▾last report is out of stock at
     the publishers,◀ so -</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Well, out of stock, yes. <unclear>It probably means that -</unclear>◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT36S">
     <desc> AP looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">Yeah. <pause/> It's the only e<emph>di</emph>tion in print <unclear>??</unclear>
     <pause/> <unclear>I looked it up in American as well as British books in print.</unclear>
     <pause/> <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <u who="C1w"><unclear>??</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-28/a">
    <u who="AJ">Can I ▾help you?◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Yes:.◀ I'm looking for a book: <pause dur="PT01S"/> on furniture making.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Furniture making? Ask three rooms that way, in the art department.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-28/b">
    <u who="C2w">Where's history, please?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Three rooms that way.</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=Thank you.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<unclear extent="1syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-29/a1">
    <u who="C1m"><note>clears throat</note></u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Er - <note>coughs</note> <pause/> I was looking for a book by Bar:wise: - ▾<unclear
     extent="6syll"/>-◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear>Is that</unclear> Barwise◀ and Perry?</u>
    <u who="C1m">That sounds like it.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">="Situations and attitudes". <pause/> The - <unclear>fat</unclear>
     book on the <unclear>front</unclear> of the shelf with semantics, with the cat that's looking
     at the city.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause dur="PT02S"/> <note>in the distance</note> Sorry, where is it?</u>
    <u who="AJ">That's it, just there. <pause/> ▾No,◀ next one along.</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲<unclear>Here</unclear>?◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT11S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-29/b">
    <u who="C2mn">Excuse me, I can't see <unclear extent="2syll"/> <pause/> "Economy and business
     dictionary" in this place, where you've got dictionaries. ▾<note>clears throat</note>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Ask on the:◀ er: management section ▾upstairs.◀</u>
    <u who="C2mn">▲I was◀ there and they sent me here.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Oh. Well ask on the next desk then, they may be able to help you
     there.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><unclear>Right.</unclear></u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-29/a2">
    <u who="C1m"><unclear extent="2syll"/>, that's the one, thank you <unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-30/a1">
    <u who="C1m">Excuse me. Um I'm looking for a <emph>book</emph>: of: <pause/> Heidegger's "Basic
     writings". It's not in print any more. <pause/> An:d: -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Isn't it?</u>
    <u who="C1m">Apparently not. Apparently it went out of print about ▾a year◀ ago.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh.◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Um: <pause/> <unclear>I thought</unclear> ▾we had one.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Someone told me◀ there's a book called <rs>Slov</rs>, <pause/> a
     book<emph>shop</emph> called <rs>Slov</rs> a▾round here.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Yes.◀ <pause/> Secondhand, yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> Because ▾I was- I just had a◀ look on the
     she▾▾lves:, <unclear>it's not-</unclear>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Er: -◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Yeah, you'd be◀◀ lucky to pick that up there though.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yeah:.</u>
    <u who="AP">Erm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> Well I thought there's "Es<emph>sen</emph>tial writings"
     isn't there, there's: -</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Er: <pause dur="PT01S"/> "<emph>Ba</emph>sic writings" is the one
     I'm looking for, <unclear>by Heidegger</unclear> ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>.
     <unclear>"E◀ssential <pause/> writings"</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Erm:◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> <unclear extent="6syll"/> <unclear>exists in our file</unclear>.</u>
    <incident dur="PT60S">
     <desc> AP looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <incident dur="PT11S">
     <desc> talk between As</desc>
    </incident>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-30/b1">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="C2w">Yeah, can you <emph>give</emph> me a: - a- a prediction on when: Jacques Lacan's
     "Écrits" is likely to come back in?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Frankly no. I can give you a <pause/> er <pause/> educated guess, of:
     ▾<unclear extent="4syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲Well.◀ That's hh - better than ▾I can◀ do hh, so: -</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Hh.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT07S">
     <desc> AJ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ"><note>in the distance</note> A<emph>bout</emph> two maybe three weeks.</u>
    <u who="C2w"><pause/> Okay that- I- <pause/> I inquired two weeks a<emph>go</emph>, at which
     point it was a▾bout two weeks, so it's: -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes. Yes. Yes.◀ <pause/> I'm afraid it's gone back a bit since then,
     ▾<unclear>yes</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲It's gone◀ back a bit, ▾all right.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Erm:◀ it was ordered- it was ordered two weeks a<emph>go</emph>.</u>
    <u who="C2w">Oh I see.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Erm <pause/> normally we'd- we'd have expected the stock
     <emph>in</emph> by now, but: <pause/> with the weather being bad, and: one thing and another,
     I'm afraid it's- it's taking a long time for things to come through.</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=All right, so: <pause/> if I check again in a ▾couple of weeks
     -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Would you like us to res-◀ would you like us to reserve a copy <emph>for</emph>
     you?</u>
    <u who="C2w" trans="latching">=Yes. Please.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="C2w">That <emph>is</emph> out in paperback, isn't it.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yes, it is. ▾It's◀ seven ninety five, ▾▾or at least◀◀ it was the
     last time we had it.</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="C2w">▲▲Right.◀◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT01S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-30/a2">
    <note>sporadic talk continues between AJ and C2 during this conversation,
     incomprehensible</note>
    <u who="AP">Well. ▾Hh.◀ <pause/> Hh. <pause/> Yeah, there isn't <emph>an</emph>ything in here at
     all! <pause/> There's the: er "Basic writings on phenomenology", but there's no - no s- I'm
     getting mixed up with Hegel, I'm afraid.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="4syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">==Ah:. <pause/> Yeah, ▾<unclear>that's it</unclear>-◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲We haven't even◀ got anything listed as no longer stocked, or out of print or
     <emph>an</emph>ything.</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Aha. It might actually be ▾more than◀ a year ago then, I
     suppose.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲So -◀</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">==Yeah. I <emph>think</emph>: er: you can forget that one
     altogether frankly, and I: <emph>don't</emph> think it'd be worth looking even in
     <rs>Slov</rs>.</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Oh:. <pause/> Could you tell me where it is anyway, just so as I
     could have a look through it?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Heidegger, <pause/> you mean?</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=No. <rs>Sl</rs>- <rs>Slov</rs>. I've had ▾a look at the Heidegger
     -◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Oh <rs>Slov</rs>! Yeah, sorry.◀ Um: - well. <pause/> Er: d'you know where erm:
     <pause/> the <rs>Rembrandt</rs> school of art is.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> No.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Or <rs>Hinton terminus</rs> station?</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=Ah I know <rs>Hinton terminus</rs>, ▾yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Right,◀ well <pause/> <note>clears throat</note> Just <emph>up</emph> from
     <rs>Hinton ter</rs>- <rs>terminus</rs> station going <emph>nor</emph>th,</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Up <rs>Southeastern</rs> Way,</u>
    <u who="C1m">Uhuh?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Um: you've got: the: <rs>Rembrandt</rs> school of art on the
     right,</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yeah?</u>
    <u who="AP">And on the <emph>ot</emph>her side of the road, <pause/> ▾from◀ them,</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Mhm?◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">Is: -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Is <rs>Sardinian</rs> Avenue, it's a pedes▾trian◀ precinct,
     <pause/> running: ▾▾at right angles from it.◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲▲A:ha. Yeah,◀◀ I think I know where you mean. <pause/> Okay right, ▾well thanks◀
     very much.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT02S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-30/b2">
    <u who="AJ">That's it! There's a photocopy of the order. So if it <emph>does</emph> come in,
     we'll send you a postcard saying that.</u>
    <u who="C2w">Thank you very much.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-31/a1">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="C1m"><unclear extent="2syll"/> <pause dur="PT02S"/> I'm looking for this one book in
     particular.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT02S"/> Erm: ▾<unclear extent="6syll"/>◀ theology!</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲<unclear>It's a standard work, so it should-</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">==Mmm.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Mm well:. <pause/> Oh yes, I think it's: um: - <pause dur="PT02S"
     /> Yeah, I don't think we have it.</u>
    <u who="C1m">Well, I can't see it anywhere, I looked.</u>
    <u who="AP">Did you have a look in theology?</u>
    <u who="C1m"><note>in the distance</note> Yes I did.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <incident dur="PT03S">
     <desc> voices unclear</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>Well</unclear> I rather doubt it. <pause/> Erm: in fact-</u>
    <incident dur="PT74S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP">No. <pause/> It's not -</u>
    <u who="C1m" trans="latching">=There is it, no. <pause/> What about: erm: <pause/> "The
     collected dialogues of Plato", edited Hellerton and Cairnes.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> <note>to AJ</note> <unclear>Have we got that?</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ"><unclear extent="6syll"/>, I think it's on order.</u>
    <incident dur="PT25S">
     <desc> AP looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1m">Er would I find: George Steiner's "Language and silence" up here
     <unclear>any▾where?</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲No you◀ wouldn't, it's reprinting and we've no idea when it's going to be available
     again.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><pause/> Ah. "The death of tragedy" would be downstairs in literary criticism
     anywhere, ▾<unclear>presumably</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear>Literature. That's right.</unclear>◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT18S"/>
    <u who="C1m"><unclear>When will it be</unclear> ▾<unclear extent="5syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲No. You're out of◀ luck there. <pause/> Erm: -</u>
    <pause dur="PT08S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-31/b">
    <u who="C2mn"><unclear>Mm</unclear> the grammar section is here?</u>
    <u who="AJ">The: -</u>
    <u who="C2mn">Grammar.</u>
    <u who="AJ">No, in the next department along.</u>
    <pause dur="PT08S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-31/a2">
    <u who="AP"><note>inbreath</note> <pause/> Right, well they've been ordered on the twenty
     <emph>se</emph>cond of January, erm: - <pause dur="PT02S"/> But: the: delivery time is
     <emph>high</emph>ly variable. <pause dur="PT01S"/> ▾Hm.◀</u>
    <u who="C1m">▲All◀ right, thank you very much.</u>
    <u who="AP">It usually hh takes a couple of months in fact.</u>
    <u who="C1m"><unclear extent="6syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-32">
    <u who="Cw">Mm: - <unclear>could you</unclear>- could you tell me if you stock: <pause/><pause/>
     er <pause dur="PT01S"/> the: <pause/> Schroeder book, <pause/> "Decrees and canons of the
     council of Trent"?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Oh, I think you want history, don't you?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Erm.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=D'you want history?</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Well. <pause/> I'm not sure exactly which section it would be under.</u>
    <u who="AP">Er: <pause/><pause/> "Degree: <unclear>and just ▾a" -</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲"The◀ decrees and canons of the council of Trent".</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> I think history. <pause/> Yes. Yes. ▾Next desk◀ on the right.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>Which is</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">==<unclear>Okay</unclear>, thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-33">
    <note>interrupts talk between As</note>
    <u who="AJ"><note>gasps, laughs</note> Can I help you?</u>
    <u who="Cw">You don't have Jon Elster, "Ulysses and the sirens:"?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=I'm sorry ser-</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Jon <emph>El</emph>ster.</u>
    <u who="AJ">"Ulysses and the sirens", right. We <emph>may</emph> actually have a copy ▾on the
     shelf.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲I didn't see◀ it I mean: -</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-34">
    <u who="Cm"><note>overlaps talk between As</note> ▲Am I in the◀ right place for <pause/> finding
     Freud's: "Two short accounts of psychoanalysis"?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=No, you need to be either in the Penguin department on the ground
     floor, or the psychology department in the basement.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Aha:, what a- <pause/> bout the "Classic fairy tales", would that be in the <pause/>
     same -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=That's education and psychology, the same ▾place,◀ in the
     basement.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">In the basement, ▾ri-◀ right.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear>Okay.</unclear>◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="Cm">You don't have this book in: paperback, do you?</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> No:. It: erm: <pause/><pause/> <emph>may</emph> appear, <pause/> in
     paperback before long, but erm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> the whole of the Bark publications are a
     bit of a <emph>mess</emph>, because they're changing over from Hill and Wang to the: <pause/> I
     think it's Deutsch isn't it, or Cape, I forget which is doing <emph>that</emph>. <pause
     dur="PT01S"/> ▾And er:◀ <pause dur="PT02S"/> it's - two titles we've- we've been without for
     over a year, and others just suddenly: turn up in paperback out of the blue, so
     <pause/><pause/> your guess is as good as mine at the ▾▾moment.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲<unclear>??</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲<unclear>Yes.</unclear>◀◀<pause/> Aha:. <pause/> ▾<unclear>Well I'll</unclear>
     take that,◀ it should be all right.</u>
    <u who="AP">▲How much <emph>is</emph> that one?◀</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/> Hm.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=How much <emph>is</emph> it?</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Mm, I mean is it-</u>
    <u who="Cm">Pretty expen▾sive.◀ Yeah, it's ▾▾about nine <emph>pounds</emph>.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲Is it?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲▲Is it sort of ten quid or something,◀◀ oh I see, yeah. <pause/> Mm. Yeah. <pause
     dur="PT01S"/> <note>inbreath</note> Yes. <pause/> Ex<emph>treme</emph>ly expensive.
     <pause/><pause/> Nearly ten p a page. ▾<note>gasps</note>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<note>shriek of horror</note>◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod C-35">
    <u who="AJ">▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲I have◀ a question.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah?</u>
    <u who="Cm">What is the difference between <unclear extent="3syll"/>?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/><pause/> That's the abridged, and that's the intermediate book, and that's
     the full one. <pause/> So there's more in that than there is in that.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Okay, so the <emph>full</emph> one is fifty pounds, ▾right?◀ Now: - so intermediate
     is <emph>bet</emph>ter than abridged.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲That's right.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Okay, 'cos I couldn't tell, the <emph>terms</emph> are kind of:
     -</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Okay. Okay.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=It depends - it depends how long you want it for and how- <pause/>
     and how deeply you want it, for a be<emph>gin</emph>ner, <pause/> the black one, the five
     ninety five one, is good enough, <pause/> ▾but: if you're going to nee-◀ be using it for some
     time, you're better off with the intermediate.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲N- no, I'm - I'm -◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Okay, thank you <unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-01">
    <u who="Cm">Good morning.</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Hallo.</u>
    <u who="Cm">I'm looking for "Modern English in action", <pause/> ▾by Henry Christ.◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲You want the next: desk◀ on the left.</u>
    <u who="Cm">On the ▾left?◀</u>
    <u who="AP">▲<unclear>If</unclear> you <emph>ask</emph>◀ on the next desk
     <unclear>there</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Hm?</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-02/a">
    <u who="C1m">Uh!</u>
    <u who="AP">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C1m">I'm looking for this book by Esther De Waal, on St Benedict, "Seeking god".
     <pause/> That's the er: <pause/> publisher. <pause/><pause/> It's called "Seeking god" and it's
     by Esther De Waal.</u>
    <u who="AP"><pause/><pause/> Yes:. Erm: <pause/> Fine, I don't think we <emph>have</emph> it,
     but: er: -</u>
    <u who="C1m">Yes, well I- <pause/> It's really an on the spot, if you haven't actually got it,
     it's er: -</u>
    <u who="AP" trans="latching">=Oh well, <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT15S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AP"><unclear>I'll just look for it once again, in</unclear> our files over here,</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AP">Collins, was it?</u>
    <u who="C1m">Er: <pause/><pause/> Yes:, Collins Fount paperbacks.</u>
    <u who="AP">Oh Fount! Oh I see, right. Okay, well that makes things: <pause/> easier then, 'cos
     I've got the: -</u>
    <pause dur="PT07S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-02/b">
    <u who="C2m">Er have you got a book by: er McDonough, <pause/> called something like "Psychology
     and: language teaching"? <pause/> Steven McDonough.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Ask in the education department in the basement.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Oh really, it wouldn't be in applied linguistics?</u>
    <u who="AJ">No.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Okay. <pause/> Thank you very much! <pause/> <unclear>Okay thanks.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=They <unclear>may be able to</unclear> help you on the languages
     department, but it's ▾worth◀ trying the: education ▾▾department◀◀ in the basement.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Mm?◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲▲Yeah?◀◀</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">===Okay, I'll have a look there, <unclear extent="2syll"/>
     <unclear>education</unclear>, I just wondered if you- might <unclear>be linguistics. If it
     might be linguistics</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-03">
    <u who="AJ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yes, I'm - I was looking for a book on er- I've- I've got er <pause/> Barthes'
     "Mythologies" from the French ▾department,◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear>Er:</unclear> I'm sorry, I◀ can't hear you.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Er Barthes. This: ▾man.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Erm: have you got any more books by him in this department?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes! <pause/> The top pile over ▾there.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Oh thank◀ you.</u>
    <incident dur="PT140S">
     <desc> C moves away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cw">I've: got a pile of books that I'm ▾buying in the◀ next department, and-</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah, fine.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==That's fine.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=<unclear>Okay</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-04">
    <u who="AJ"><unclear>Can I help you?</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cm">I have a strange feeling you don't accept Barclaycard.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><emph>I</emph> don- I - well.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=No.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I- The <emph>firm</emph> does, I don't. You pay ▾<unclear>the lady◀ who's</unclear>
     just over there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Ah!◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-05">
    <u who="Cw">Erm: where would be "Roget's thesaurus"?</u>
    <u who="AJ">There just behind you, where it says reference.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Ah yes.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-06">
    <u who="AJ">Are you paying cash?</u>
    <u who="Cw">No, cheque.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Cash desk is just over that way.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-07">
    <u who="Cm">Where is French?</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Pardon?</u>
    <u who="Cm">French?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=In the next department along.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod D-08">
    <u who="Cw">Erm: - is this EFL? No.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=No, it's <unclear>just ▾through there</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲<unclear>??</unclear>.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-01/a">
    <u who="AJ">Yes. <pause/> Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">I'm looking for a - couple of books er <pause/> for some- I don't seem to be able
     to find. <pause/> It's on: er: <pause/> Ca- Cambridge University book: er by Chambers and
     Trudgill <pause/> "Dialectology".</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="AJ">No, we've sold out of that one at the moment.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=You've sold ▾out.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲What's◀ the other one.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause dur="PT01S"/> By: er Peter Trudgill: "Language in the British isles", also
     from Cambridge University Press.</u>
    <pause dur="PT20S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">And: er <pause dur="PT02S"/> by Rodney Huddleston "An introduction to the grammar
     of English", also from Cambridge University Press.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Who's the author again? ▾Huddleston.◀ <pause dur="PT02S"/> The
     last copy.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Huddleston.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause dur="PT01S"/> I didn't look properly there. <pause/><pause/> Erm: <pause/>
     final <emph>ques</emph>tion. <pause/> Erm - a book on the history of English
     <emph>syn</emph>tax? Do you <emph>sell</emph> that, in: <rs>Lovatts</rs> at <emph>all</emph>?
     <pause/> ▾And where: would that -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲I've got nothing◀ here.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Where would I be able to find it.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I've got nothing here. <unclear>Er-</unclear> I don't suppose you know any
     titles?</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Yes, I've got one <emph>tit</emph>le ▾here,◀ it's er- by Elizabeth Tror-
     <emph>Trau</emph>gott, "The history of English syntax". I don't know whether it's still in
     print.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">Who's the author?</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> Trau- Traugott. <pause/> ▾"The history of Eng-"◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲T R A◀ U:?</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Yeah. T R A U, G O double T. <pause dur="PT02S"/> It's an American publisher.
     <pause/> Holt Rinehart and Winston.</u>
    <incident dur="PT59S">
     <desc> AJ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">No. It's not er - not available in England. Would you like me to check in
     A<emph>mer</emph>ican books in print?</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/><pause/> Erm: - <pause dur="PT02S"/> Well if I can't get it here it's no
     problem you see, ▾so -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Well-◀ we may be able to order it from abroad <emph>for</emph> you, it would of
     <emph>course</emph> take eight to ten weeks.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=Yes, but I'm <emph>lea</emph>ving tomorrow, so: er-</u>
    <u who="AJ">Sorry ▾then.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲It's◀ no use. <pause/> And it's from nineteen seventy four, so it's- <pause/>
     ▾<unclear extent="1syll"/> there's always◀ that <emph>dan</emph>ger: that: er -</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲It's possible. Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==Yes, ▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>-◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲It might◀ be.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Well. Thank you very much.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Sorry.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-01/b">
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Can you tell me where- where I might find a book on the BBC talk, <pause/>
     "Political thought:" ▾<unclear extent="5syll"/>?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear extent="6syll"/>◀</u>
    <note>continuation incomprehensible</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/a">
    <u who="C1w">Excuse me? Can I ask you -</u>
    <incident dur="PT03S">
     <desc> electric buzz</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ"><note>sottovoce</note> <unclear extent="7syll"/>. <note>normal</note> Yes, can I
     help you.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Do you have a metaphysical <emph>sec</emph>tion?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Meta<emph>phy</emph>sics?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=We keep metaphysics in with philosophy, but ▾there's no section◀
     of- section as such.</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Oh so it's mixed in.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w" trans="latching">==<unclear>Okay, thank you.</unclear> Can I ask you- erm <pause/>
     do you have: - a book called "The divine iliad", by Walter Russell, in stock?</u>
    <u who="AJ">"Divine"?</u>
    <u who="C1w">"Iliad". I L, I A ▾D:.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲No.◀ Would you like me to look it up and ▾see if it's in◀ print?</u>
    <u who="C1w">▲Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="C1w">No I don't think I'll or- I just want to have a look at it.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Sorry.</u>
    <u who="C1w">Okay.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/b1">
    <u who="AJ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Can you tell me whether you have a hardback of this?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=No we don't, we keep the paperback version.</u>
    <u who="C2m" trans="latching">=Yeah? <pause/> Do you know is there a Everyman edition
     <unclear>of it</unclear>?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Not of the "I ching", no.</u>
    <u who="C2m">No.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=No.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><unclear>Okay</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="C2m">Er: could you tell- is there any way <unclear>you can have a look <pause/> how much
     the h-</unclear> hardback <pause/> <emph>would</emph> be?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah sure.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><note>clears throat</note></u>
    <incident dur="PT26S">
     <desc> AJ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AJ">The hardback's seven ninety five.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Seven ninety five? <pause/> Have you any idea where I might be able to get hold of
     that?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Erm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> frankly no, because: <pause dur="PT02S"/> Routledge and
     Kegan Paul used to have their own bookshop on <rs>Broad</rs> Street, but they don't any more.
     Though the bookshop that apparently has taken over, <pause/> have been asked to keep their
     <emph>stock</emph>. <pause/> Most people are going to be like <emph>me</emph>, they're going to
     keep the er: paperback in preference to the hardback.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause/> Why?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Because people prefer to buy pa- believe it or not, people do actually prefer to buy
     paperbacks than hardbacks.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Sure, I'm just thinking if I'm going to be <emph>thum</emph>bing through it, a
     hard▾back might -◀ stand ▾▾up to more◀◀ thumb:ing.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲Yeah.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">===Mm. Obviously I know that and <emph>you</emph> know that, ▾but:
     -◀ you know, people will prefer to buy paperbacks to hardbacks.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">Mm.</u>
    <u who="AJ">I can get you a copy, it'll probably take about two weeks to come in. <pause/> ▾If
     you need◀ it in a hurry, ▾▾the only place◀◀ I think you <emph>might</emph> be able to get it
     <pause/> is <rs>Pendulum</rs> in <rs>Kenburn Town</rs>.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲No:.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲▲<unclear extent="2syll"/>?◀◀</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause/><pause/> Thank you. <unclear extent="5syll"/>. Okay, thanks:.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Okay?</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/c">
    <u who="C3m">Re▾cent:◀ European history.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ"><emph>Re</emph>:cent. By: you mean: nineteen sixty nineteen seventy.</u>
    <u who="C3m">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<unclear>That'll be</unclear> upstairs on the politics
     department.</u>
    <u who="C3m">Thank you!</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/d">
    <u who="C4m">Erm: <pause/> Cambridge Latin texts?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes?</u>
    <u who="C4m">Erm. <pause/> Er the: erm: <pause/> the courses, Latin courses, do you have them
     here?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C4m">Where are the- whereabouts.</u>
    <u who="AJ">In the: religious studies and classics section, on the right hand wall, you'll see a
     sign saying Latin.</u>
    <u who="C4m">Oh yes. Fine, ▾thank you◀ very much.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">==<note>voice raised competing with PA announcement</note> It's on-
     they're only available up to <emph>three</emph>. <pause/> <unclear extent="3syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="C4m">What's happened to number four, then.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Number four's not been printed. As far as Cambridge are
     con▾cerned, it's◀ not going to be printed until nineteen ninety nine, but I think they're
     kidding.</u>
    <u who="C4m">▲Oh:.◀</u>
    <u who="C4m"><pause/> Oh hh. All rihhght. <unclear>Oh well, thank you very much.</unclear></u>
    <pause dur="PT60S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/b2">
    <u who="C2m">What was the name of that: Routledge Kegan bookshop that ▾had been taken over?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Oh well I◀ <emph>don't</emph>- I don't know what one it <emph>is</emph> actually.
     ▾It's◀ about half way up <rs>Broad</rs> Street.</u>
    <u who="C2m">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="C2m"><pause/> <rs>Broad</rs> Street.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah:. It's: - there are <emph>three</emph> of them on there.
     <pause/> On: - it's just before you- oh no. <pause/><pause/> No, I can't remember, it's one of
     the three up there, it's not the building shop, it's the one - one nearer the centre, but I
     can't remember what it's called I'm afraid.</u>
    <u who="C2m"><unclear extent="2syll"/> <unclear>that's okay</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Sorry.</u>
    <u who="C2m">Thanks.</u>
    <pause dur="PT01S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/e">
    <u who="C5wn">Excuse me. <pause/><pause/> Um: <pause/> do you have any: books on i- <pause/>
     interpretation?</u>
    <u who="AJ">On interpretation?</u>
    <u who="C5wn">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=I've only got one or <emph>two</emph>.</u>
    <u who="C5wn">One or two. ▾<unclear>??</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Sorry I <unclear>should</unclear> take that◀ back, one.</u>
    <u who="C5wn">One?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=I have "Approaches to translation" by Newmark. Green book on the
     top shelf there.</u>
    <u who="C5wn">This one?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/f">
    <u who="C6mn">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="C6mn">Have you got any English <emph>Ar</emph>abic dictionaries:?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Erm: I haven't here, <emph>no</emph>:, but if you ask in the next
     department along, they <emph>may</emph> be able to help you.</u>
    <u who="C6mn">Thank you <unclear>very much</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-02/g">
    <u who="C7wn" trans="latching">=Excuse me. ▾<unclear>??</unclear>◀ An announcement from this
     desk. <pause/> <unclear>Where do I have to go</unclear>, ▾▾I should come to the infor◀◀mation
     desk.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲▲What- what did the announcement s-◀◀</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> What did they say.</u>
    <u who="C7wn">I should come to the information desk.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Where?</u>
    <u who="C7wn">Ground floor.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Well that's downstairs. Go to the: <pause/> go to the <emph>cash</emph> desk on the
     ground floor, they may know there.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-03">
    <note>C is with a friend</note>
    <u who="Cwn"><unclear>Excuse me.</unclear> <pause/> You don't have some aesthetic- <pause/>
     <unclear>specially on early</unclear> aesthetics terminology?</u>
    <u who="AJ">No. <pause/> No. <unclear extent="2syll"/> I'm afraid.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=No. <pause dur="PT01S"/> <unclear>Well</unclear> thanks. <pause/>
     Oh- <unclear>you couldn't- can we</unclear> kind of: <pause/> I mean ask you to order it for
     us:.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yes, if you know the title. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cwn"><unclear extent="3syll"/> ▾<unclear extent="4syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yes, that's fine.◀ <unclear>Just as soon as it comes in we'll send you a
     ▾postcard.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cwn">▲Yeah,◀ <unclear extent="2syll"/>. Anyway we- we're just <pause/>
     <unclear>going</unclear> next door. <unclear>We'll come with a</unclear> list.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Fine!</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Okay, thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-04">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Have you got a book by: Chalmers called "What is this thing ▾called science"?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲"Called science"?◀ No we've sold out I'm afraid. We've got some more on order, and
     hopefully they're going to be in: <pause/> by the end of this week, next we- middle of next
     week. <pause/> You <emph>could</emph> go downstairs to: the:: science department. I
     <emph>think</emph> they're kept in physics, they have a philosophy of science section down
     there as well.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Okay thanks, I'll try that.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-05">
    <u who="Cwn">Excuse me.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Er: where can I find a shorthand book.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Upstairs on the management department.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-06">
    <u who="AJ"><unclear>Er</unclear> are you paying cash?</u>
    <u who="Cm">I'll pay in cash.</u>
    <u who="AJ">The cash desk is just behind you.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Oh. Or - I'll do it on <emph>Bar</emph>claycard if you like?</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=<unclear>It doesn't make</unclear> any difference, the cash desk
     is ▾still behind you.◀ <pause/> Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Same thing, all right.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-07">
    <u who="AJ">Are you paying cash?</u>
    <u who="Cw">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ">The cash desk is over there.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> There? <pause/> <unclear>Hm</unclear>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-08">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cw">I'm looking for a paperback, called "How conversation works", published by
     Blackwell. <pause/> Um: <unclear>by Wardaugh, I think</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> <unclear>It is linguistics, is it?</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cw"><unclear>Mm.</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT10S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cw">Er: - I don't know, there's another one something like: <pause/> "Who cares about: -
     abusage, or usage" or: -</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause/> Could be in the next department along. <pause/> <unclear>Okay</unclear>, I
     know they keep "Usage and abusage" there.</u>
    <u who="Cw">In which department?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Next department along, just through there. Languages.</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause/> Shall I go and come back and pay.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-09">
    <u who="AJ">Yes, ▾can I help you.◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲<unclear extent="3syll"/>.◀ I'm looking for a book er: called:
     <unclear>an</unclear> er: "Careers: encyclopedia", ▾<unclear extent="3syll"/>-◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲That's in◀ the edu<emph>ca</emph>tion department in the <emph>base</emph>ment.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">Basement?</u>
    <u who="AJ">That's right.</u>
    <u who="Cmn" trans="latching">=Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-10">
    <u who="Cm">Excuse me. Do you know where I can find books by Colin <unclear extent="3syll"/>,
     <pause/> ▾<unclear>Penguin</unclear> paper◀backs.</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲<unclear>What's the name -</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">Erm: <pause/> Penguin department on the ground floor's probably the best bet.</u>
    <u who="Cm">They <emph>do</emph> that.</u>
    <u who="AJ">They ▾do Penguin.◀ <pause/> Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲<unclear>They do Penguin hh</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Thanks.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-11">
    <u who="Cm">Excuse me. Do you have ▾books◀ by Baudelaire, <unclear>in this
     department.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">In French, <unclear>they're the</unclear> next department along. <pause/> That
     way.</u>
    <u who="Cm?"><unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-12">
    <u who="AJ">Yeah. ▾Can I help you?◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Whe-◀ where can I find a <emph>mo</emph>dern Greek book, with an English
     translation?</u>
    <u who="AJ">Downstairs on the literature department if it is in fact literature.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Okay. <pause/> Um: what about maths books, are they up▾stairs?◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲They're◀ in the basement.</u>
    <u who="Cw">All right. Thank you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-13">
    <u who="AJ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cm">I wondered if you had a copy of this book please, "The <unclear>ordinary</unclear>
     and the fabulous", Elizabet- Elizabeth <unclear>Cribb</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Can you tell me what it's about?</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Er yes:. Er: she says it's an introduction to myths legends and fairy
     tales.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Try upstairs on the: erm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> anthropology section where they have
     a bit on folk: <emph>cul</emph>ture - ▾folk◀ culture.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Ah.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yes.</u>
    <u who="AJ" trans="latching">=If they can't help you there, go down to the basement in the
     psychology department, they also have a bit about fairy tales <pause/> ▾and myths◀ there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Ah.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==Yes. I see. <pause/> But: upstairs it's ▾the: -◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Upstairs◀ anthropology, in the basement, education and psycho▾logy.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Thank◀ you.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-14">
    <u who="AJ">▾Yes.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Have you got◀ "The concept of mind", by Gilbert Ryle? ▾Philosophy.◀</u>
    <u who="AJ">▲Er:◀ yes:. In the middle of the philosophy room you can see a stand that says
     Penguins?</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AJ">Yeah? It's on <emph>this</emph> side of <emph>that</emph> stand.</u>
    <u who="Cm">All right, thanks. Er: -</u>
    <u who="AJ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Philosophy, just over there.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Ah.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-15">
    <u who="Cwn"><note>clears throat</note> Excuse me, I <emph>think</emph>: this: might come into:
     mass communications, media -</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah, there is a media section, <pause/> er- on the second floor.</u>
    <u who="Cwn">Erm: - <note>clears throat</note> that's: upstairs?</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cwn" trans="latching">=<unclear>Oh.</unclear> <pause/> Thank you very much ▾indeed.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Okay?◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-16">
    <u who="Cmn"><unclear extent="3syll"/></u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Can I help you?</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cmn">Er: - <pause dur="PT01S"/> I spoke for this book last- <pause/> three days ago, and
     somebody says it's <emph>not</emph> here.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Ah! Well, I- this isn't my department, I'm not usually here, I-</u>
    <u who="Cmn"><unclear extent="3syll"/> - where the man, the guy who- the bearded man. What's his
     name?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Oh yes, I know- I know the one you mean. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cmn"><pause/> <unclear extent="3syll"/> the book here. <pause/> <unclear extent="3syll"
     />.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Well it's probably just come in, I mean we- <pause/> we- new
     books arrive every day.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="Cmn">No, new titles. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Erm usually, this- this department send me the
     new titles.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Ahah. ▾New titles list.◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲You have - you have◀ new titles list.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Yeah:, it's- it's on ▾that◀ shelf.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲<unclear>Huh.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn"><pause/> O:kay?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> But i- if you're on the mailing list, ▾then you-◀ you ▾▾will◀◀
     get- you will ▾▾▾get sent <unclear extent="3syll"/>.◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲<unclear>On the mail-</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲▲Mm.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲▲▲On the mailing◀◀◀ list, did you send out: er some new- this: <pause/> this month
     or ▾<unclear>two</unclear>?◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Well,◀ as- as far as I know, yes, but- you know as I say hh I'm not ▾usually◀ in
     this department, so I- I don't know if - if it's been done recently.</u>
    <u who="Cmn">▲Mhm.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-17">
    <u who="Cw">Hi! Can you tell me if you have a book called "Latin for local historians", by
     Elizabeth Gooder. G O O, D E R.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Erm: -</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Pretty certainly not. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Gooder.</u>
    <incident dur="PT08S">
     <desc> AZ looks in files</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">Er: no. <pause dur="PT01S"/> "Latin for today".</u>
    <u who="Cw"><pause dur="PT02S"/> No.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=No, I'm ▾sorry-◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲O◀kay.</u>
    <u who="AZ">You could try history.</u>
    <u who="Cw">I: <pause/> er was looking ▾in that section◀ actually.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Oh I see.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">I see.</u>
    <u who="Cw">Oh: - would they: know though if you ever have it. I mean it might just be sold out,
     <pause/> though that's unlikely.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Y:eah:, erm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> Well:, if - they could look in
     their files to ▾see if◀ they usually check it. ▾▾Hh.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Okay.◀</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲▲Their files◀◀ would be different from yours, ▾<unclear>so.</unclear>◀ Okay.
     <pause/> Thank you.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yeah.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-18">
    <u who="Cw">I wonder if you could help me. I'm looking for two: philosophy books, the "Theories
     of ethics", by P Foot, or: <pause/> erm <pause/><pause/> erm <pause/> "Mortal questions" I
     think it could be,</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yes.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=By Thomas Nagel.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Yes</unclear>. <pause/><pause/> I'll see <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AZ">"Theories of ethics".</u>
    <pause dur="PT07S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Sorry, what was the other one?</u>
    <u who="Cw">"Mortal questions", by Thomas Nagel.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-19">
    <u who="Cm">D'you by any chance have a <emph>ca</emph>talogue of books - recent- books published
     in Ger:man, <pause/> I'm looking for something a- a- a- the <emph>de</emph>tails of publication
     of <unclear extent="2syll"/> <unclear>that were</unclear> possibly published sometime in the
     late seventies. <pause/> And I just need -</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah:.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=You know, to find a catalogue. <pause/> ▾I thought-◀ <unclear>I
     know, if ▾▾that's the right one.</unclear>◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Er: -◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲If you ask in◀◀ languages next door they've got the German catalogues ▾there.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Have◀ they?</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Yeah. ▾On the left.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Okay. Thanks.◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-20/a1">
    <u who="C1mn">Hallo. <pause/> Is philosophy here?</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yes.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">Would you have this at all.</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Er: <pause/> yes:, <unclear>er</unclear> -</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> Apparently in hardback it's eight - volumes, and there's something:
     <pause/> shortened in four vol▾umes? Does it◀ make sense?</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Erm: -◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">Is this one of these really expensive ones?</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Yes. ▾Think so.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Oh.◀ <pause/> Erm: just let me show you <unclear>what we have</unclear>
     <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT70S">
     <desc> they move away</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">This is the four volume set hh. ▾Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<note>laughs</note>◀ Looks heavy.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Mm! Ah, it's in eight: erm <pause/> stages, but four volumes.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> <unclear>Leather</unclear>. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Don't worry. Actually, I
     just- at this stage hh I just want to ▾find out◀ hh, if you know what I mean.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Oh.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">==Yeah, so it <emph>does</emph> exist. ▾Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Yeah yeah yeah.◀ Anyway. <pause/> So what do you mean then by:: something: more::
     <pause/><pause/> I was under the impression that she's referring to something which is neither:
     erm <pause/> sof- er: <pause/> not in hardback, and hence: <emph>cheap</emph>er, or
     whatever.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/><pause/> Erm: -</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=<note>?looks at list</note> D'you- d'you know about two of these
     or: -</u>
    <u who="AZ">Er: I'm sorry. <pause/> ▾Er-◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲It's in◀ Hebrew, so you ▾<unclear>wouldn't understand</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yeah yeah.◀ <pause/><pause/> What you mean - <emph>this</emph> in s- in
     paperback.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> It's not absolutely clear that it's paperback, it sounds like: a more
     popular version.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Er: - well, ▾there's <emph>plen</emph>ty◀ of: dictionaries of philosophy, <unclear>I
     mean</unclear> things like-</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<unclear>In hardback</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">==Yeah but- No:. She's referring ▾to the same thing.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲This: particul◀ar one.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AZ">No that I couldn't tell you. <unclear>This is the only</unclear> one we've got. Erm:
     <pause/> <note>sottovoce</note> let's have a look in <unclear extent="3syll"/>. <pause
     dur="PT02S"/> <note>normal</note> This is somebody's order actually, ▾<unclear>so I'd
     better</unclear>◀ treat it gently ▾▾hh.◀◀ <pause dur="PT01S"/> Erm: -</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Oh I see.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲▲<note>laughs</note>◀◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="AZ"><note>sottovoce</note> <unclear extent="2syll"/> the best place to look <unclear
     extent="3syll"/>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT11S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">No- I think actually. <pause/> Reading it back, <pause/><pause/> she's referring
     to four volumes this. <incident dur="PT01S">
     <desc> banging on books</desc>
     </incident> Yeah. In practice she says: - it says: -</u>
    <pause dur="PT04S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">So this: - this would probably satisfy. The person who wants it. Put it
     ▾<emph>this</emph> way: hh. <note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<note>laughs</note>◀ Hh.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=Now, how much is it.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Hum: - that's another good question. <pause/> <note>sottovoce</note>
     <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=I mean it's: <emph>ob</emph>vious that <emph>if</emph> there's
     something <pause dur="PT01S"/> <emph>big</emph>ger, it's going to be double the price or
     something, ▾isn't it. So: -◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<unclear>Right.</unclear> Yeah:.◀ Sorry- I'm just trying to find a
     <emph>re</emph>cord of it ▾<unclear extent="2syll"/>,◀ in- <pause/><pause/> to give you some
     more information.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Oh I see.◀</u>
    <incident dur="PT26S">
     <desc> AZ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">Is there a general editor?</u>
    <pause dur="PT07S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Edwards.</u>
    <pause dur="PT40S"/>
    <u who="AZ"><note>sottovoce</note> <unclear extent="5syll"/>. <pause/> <unclear extent="5syll"
     />. <pause/> <note>normal</note> "Encyclopaedia of philosophy", a hundred and eighty pounds:.
     <pause/> <note>sottovoce</note> <unclear>??</unclear></u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause dur="PT02S"/> This one here is it?</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah. <pause/> That's it. That's the one. <pause/> Right there.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">I was just <emph>thin</emph>king:. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Mm: <pause dur="PT01S"/> I
     was just going to ask:, is it going to be cheaper to buy it in the States.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Yes</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=I was just thinking about <unclear>how</unclear> Americans are
     probably coming here now hh and buying it here hh.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Well -</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=At their rate of exchange hh.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Ye:s.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=No no, it- it's- it's just a question of er: - <pause
     dur="PT02S"/> If somebody has got dollars.</u>
    <u who="AZ">If somebody's got dollars, <note>laughs</note></u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><emph>Ev</emph>erything's easy.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><unclear>That's right.</unclear> <pause/> Oh, we've wor- D'you reckon it would
     <emph>be</emph> cheaper in the States, seeing it's: - <pause dur="PT02S"/> <unclear
     extent="5syll"/> company the Free Press New York is it, or what? Or is it -</u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Yeah.</unclear></u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=Or is it done in: -</u>
    <u who="AZ">Well, ▾it's a British◀ company. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Erm: -</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Oh it's a London-◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Ah:, yes. New York. Yes, we should be able to get it in.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> Possibly cheaper, isn't it there?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Well, you'd be able to get it: probably for the same amount of dollars.
     <pause/> A hundred and eighty dollars, which: -</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Good lord.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah:.</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=A difference, ▾isn't◀ it.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Mm.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Mm:. <pause/><pause/> Hh.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><unclear>This is for a</unclear> Israeli person, and <emph>their</emph> currency
     is dollars.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Ahah. ▾<unclear>Shekels.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲So:◀ <pause/> er- No no, it's dollars, I mean you know the -</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=What, American dollars?</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> Yes hh. This is the currency that hh <unclear extent="3syll"/>, because
     Israelean <emph>she</emph>kel's awful.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Oh.</unclear></u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=But: er: - what I'm saying is, <pause/> they don't - they don't
     have this <emph>pro</emph>blem of er: exchanging their <emph>pounds</emph> into
     <emph>ster</emph>ling, they're getting very <emph>lit</emph>tle.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Mm. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Relatively, they're better <emph>off</emph>, in general, <pause/> ▾with regards:◀
     to the dollar. So - be<emph>cause</emph> I know my friend, <pause/> and I <emph>know</emph>,
     <pause/> she's got a link, <pause/><pause/> with America as much as she's got a link with me
     <emph>here</emph>, I mean ▾▾she knows◀◀ one - she lives on a kibbutz, and: <pause/>
     ▾▾▾occasionally◀◀◀ people go <pause/> ▾▾▾▾to America◀◀◀◀ <unclear>for her</unclear> too.
     <pause/> It makes sense to me to sug<emph>gest</emph> to her: <pause/><pause/> it might be
     cheaper there.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yes:. Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲Yeah.◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲▲Mhm.◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲▲▲Yeah.◀◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yes:. Of - well. Hh. <unclear>I'd hate you</unclear> to have seen one of these go,
     but I think: <pause/> you probably <emph>could</emph> get it cheaper ▾there.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀ <pause/> Anyway, I'll definitely tell her it's a hun- a
     hundred and eighty quid, because I thought it was in the regio- region of <emph>hun</emph>dred
     pound. ▾<note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<note>laughs</note>◀ Oh no:. Such a beautiful book, you can't expect it for less
     than: <pause/> <emph>two</emph> ▾hundred really. It's a◀ <emph>bar</emph>gain at
     <emph>that</emph> price really hh.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<note>laughs</note>◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Yes perhaps. <pause/> I'll just write it down. <pause/> Thank you.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Okay. D'you want to -</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> No, it's all right.</u>
    <pause dur="PT02S"/>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-20/b">
    <u who="C2wn">Can you help me. Where can I find: er: books about: chess.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Chess.</u>
    <u who="C2wn" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Er: <pause/><pause/> <emph>Lei</emph>sure probably, on the first
     floor. ▾The game?◀</u>
    <u who="C2wn">▲First-◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Yeah. <pause/> Er- sorry, on the <emph>ground</emph> ▾floor.◀</u>
    <u who="C2wn">▲On the◀ ground ▾floor.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Leisure.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C2wn"><unclear>Okay. Thank you very much.</unclear></u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-20/a2">
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">=I know <pause/> what I was going to ask you. In the event of my:
     buying it here,</u>
    <u who="AZ">Mm?</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> What am I going to <emph>gain</emph> with regard to postage:, by: -
     asking you to post it for her. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Are you going to charge the same sort of
     postage than: - than - ▾that:◀ <pause/> <emph>I</emph> should pay, if I send it <unclear>by
     post, or</unclear>-</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Er:◀</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Oh yeah, we- I mean <emph>we</emph> don't sort of take any
     com<emph>mis</emph>sion or anything, I mean we wou- we would just <emph>post</emph> it, ▾▾it'd
     be the - the normal: pos◀◀ting price, yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Yeah.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲▲That'd be the normal-◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">So whether <emph>I</emph>: <pause/> pay postage or - or you, it'd ▾be: - it'd just
     be the postage.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yeah:. It's the same thing.◀ Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Ah. I see. <pause/> It's going to be quite steep, isn't it.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> I should ▾think so, yes:.◀ <pause/> Er: -</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<unclear>If it's going</unclear> <unclear extent="3syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">==How heavy is it.</u>
    <incident dur="PT03S">
     <desc> AZ sets about weighing books</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="C1mn">Not exactly the sort of package I could ask somebody hh to take in their suitcase
     ▾would it, there hh.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲No:, it's- it's not:◀ <emph>quite</emph>: <unclear>the-</unclear> ▾<unclear
     extent="2syll"/> probably◀ broke our scale:s.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<unclear>Pretty</unclear> heavy.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT06S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Mm:. Nearly: <pause/> eight and a half kilos, eight and a quarter kilos.</u>
    <pause dur="PT09S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">You find out <unclear>how</unclear> <unclear extent="1syll"/> it was, is it- is
     there a: - is it <pause/><pause/> postage charge: like for printed mail, <pause/> when you send
     books like this. ▾<unclear extent="6syll"/>.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Er: y:-◀ Well:. You- you <emph>can</emph> have a printed mail charge, but- <pause/>
     I should imagine that <emph>this</emph> sort of: - ▾over◀steps the bounds a bit of ▾▾it. Yeah
     hh.◀◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲<unclear>Weighs</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲▲Yes, quite.◀◀ <pause/> ▾So, <unclear extent="4syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Erm: I can◀ check up if you s- if you like, and see how much it would <pause/> how
     much it ▾<emph>would</emph> cost to Israel.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Can you?◀ By sea and by air. ▾Can you- can you do◀ the two rates.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yeah. To Israel?◀</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">==Yeah. Sure. ▾I'll - just◀ <pause/> get the ex<emph>act</emph>
     weight, and -</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Thank you very much.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn" trans="latching">==Yeah, then I can phone the full information to her.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Mm. <pause dur="PT02S"/> Er:: so. <pause/> Eight: <pause/> two
     hundred.</u>
    <incident dur="PT15S">
     <desc> AZ dials number</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">To Israel?</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Yes please.</u>
    <incident dur="PT152S">
     <desc> AZ enquires about postage cost on phone</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">Well. By air, <pause/> er it's: twenty pounds thirty five,</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/> <unclear>By air</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="C1mn">Thirty pounds -</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Twenty pounds thirty five pence.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">Right.</u>
    <u who="AZ">And: by s:ea: - you'd have to: send it - well, we'd have to send it in two parcels,
     <pause/> of: th- and they'd be five pounds eighty four each. <pause/> At- plus: one pound ten
     registration each.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><pause/><pause/> If you go by sea.</u>
    <u who="AZ">By sea. Yeah.</u>
    <u who="C1mn">So: it's about thirteen quid, isn't it.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Y:eah. <pause/> It's a lot cheaper, but it: <pause/><pause/> 'd probably take longer
     hh.</u>
    <u who="C1mn"><unclear>Mm.</unclear> <pause/> <unclear>Yes</unclear>.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=I mean it would take a week by airmail, and about six to eight
     weeks: ▾by sea.◀</u>
    <u who="C1mn">▲Yes. Right.◀ <pause dur="PT01S"/> Okay. Thanks very ▾much indeed.◀ Thank you.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Okay thanks.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">Bye.</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-21">
    <u who="AZ"><unclear>Can I help you, ▾excuse me.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Hello,◀ there's a book published this <emph>week</emph> I think by the SCM: press,
     erm: <pause/> about the historical Jesus, I don't know hh any more about it than that.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Oh:. Neither do I hh.</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=I thought it would be <emph>out</emph> there, you know, sort of
     there's a - there's a big - there's a whole page: <pause/> er: about the bloke who'd written it
     in - he's the: pro<emph>fes</emph>sor at: <pause/> of: new testament studies at
     <emph>Ox</emph>ford:. <pause/> ▾<unclear extent="4syll"/>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲You don't know his◀ name.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/><pause/> Taylor?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Taylor?</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause dur="PT02S"/> <emph>Don't</emph> worry. I <emph>think</emph> if you'd
     <emph>got</emph> copies they would be out there, ▾because there was a whole page◀ in the
     "Guardian" on Monday about it. <pause/> ▾▾I mean it's: - it must be -◀◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Yeah:. Well-◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲Yeah:. No, I'm sorry-◀◀ well I've- I'm only just in this department ▾for today, I
     really don't know what's -◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Yeah sure. Yeah.◀ <pause/> No, don- don- don't bother looking, 'cos I
     <emph>can't</emph> be sure it's Taylor.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><note>laughs</note></u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=I just wanted to see what it looked like hh ▾hh.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Hh.◀ <pause/> Well, anyway when we get <pause/> new: <pause/> things in,
     ▾<unclear>I mean</unclear>◀ we usually make a big deal about ▾▾it you know hh, I mean it would
     - it◀◀ would be on ▾▾▾display.◀◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Hm.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲Yes. <unclear>Mm</unclear> yes.◀◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲▲▲Yes.◀◀◀ It's perhaps not being published till - when are we now. <pause/><pause/>
     Thirteenth:. <pause/> Sh- <emph>should</emph> be published this month, shouldn't it.
     <pause/><pause/> <unclear extent="10syll"/></u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> No, I can't find anything <pause/> <unclear extent="4syll"/> by a
     Taylor.</u>
    <u who="Cm">Mhm:. <pause/> ▾Perhaps it's◀ <emph>next</emph> month it's publish- it's being
     published <unclear extent="6syll"/>. <pause/> I'll check up on there <unclear>and
     see</unclear>. ▾▾Thanks anyway.◀◀ <unclear>Goodbye.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Hm:.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲▲<unclear>Thanks hh.</unclear>◀◀</u>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-22">
    <u who="Cw">Excuse me. D'you know if you have a book called: "A theory of justice"?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Rawls?</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=Yes.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Y- yeah, I think so.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-23">
    <u who="AZ">Can I help you.</u>
    <u who="Cw" trans="latching">=I'm looking for a book "Structure of scientific revolutions" by
     <pause/> Kuhn <note>/kaIn/</note>?</u>
    <u who="AZ">Ku:▾hn: <note>/kun/</note>.◀ <pause/> Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cw">▲Kuhn <note>/kun/</note>.◀</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AZ">I <emph>think</emph> we've got it. <pause dur="PT01S"/> Yes.</u>
    <note>they move away</note>
   </div>
   <div type="encounter" n="Lod E-24">
    <u who="Cm">Do you have a book by John <emph>Le</emph>vy <note>/leIvI/</note>, it's called
     something like <pause/><pause/> something like "H:appiness and something the road to
     Vedanta".</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/><pause/> What subject is it.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> I sup<emph>pose</emph> it's Indian philosophy, or religion.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Levy <note>/leIvI/</note>, is that L A V -</u>
    <u who="Cm">L E V Y.</u>
    <u who="AZ">L E V-</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Le▾vy <note>/livi/</note>.◀ Levy <note>/livaI/</note> <pause/>
     maybe?</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Sorry.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">Er:: <pause dur="PT02S"/> <note>inbreath</note> Hinduism, is it?</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">=Perhaps it's called "Happiness and meditation, or the road to
     Vedanta", <unclear extent="3syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> I must say it doesn't <emph>sound</emph> <unclear>familiar to
     me.</unclear> <pause/> <unclear>Yes.</unclear></u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="4syll"/> perhaps it's a very <emph>old</emph> book, <unclear
     extent="6syll"/> <pause dur="PT02S"/> ▾John Levy <note>/leIvI/</note>,◀ L E V Y.</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲Er:: no::.◀</u>
    <u who="AZ">I can't find a record of it. I can check to see if it's still in print, if you
     want.</u>
    <u who="Cm">That'd be nice to know, yes.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Right.</u>
    <incident dur="PT04S">
     <desc> AZ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="AZ">It's a <emph>Bri</emph>tish book, is it?</u>
    <u who="Cm">Yes.</u>
    <pause dur="PT07S"/>
    <u who="Cm">These are all the books in print, <unclear extent="4syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah. <pause/> <unclear>Hmm. That's strange</unclear>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT05S"/>
    <u who="AZ">First name, sorry?</u>
    <u who="Cm">John:: Le:vy <note>/livaI/</note>, or ▾<unclear>Terry</unclear>◀ <pause/> Levy
     <note>/livaI/</note>, <unclear>Terry</unclear> -</u>
    <u who="AZ">▲<unclear>Yeah.</unclear>◀</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Er: <pause/> No, it doesn't look like it, <unclear
     extent="2syll"/> ▾<unclear extent="5syll"/> called◀ "Economic development programmes for
     cities, counties and towns".</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Perhaps it's American then.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==<unclear>Mhm.</unclear></u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Hh. But they don't put anything by <emph>John</emph> Levy
     <note>/livaI/</note>.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause dur="PT02S"/> <unclear>Well.</unclear></u>
    <incident dur="PT04S">
     <desc> AZ looks in catalogue</desc>
    </incident>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear>Sorry</unclear>, I'm troubling you there.</u>
    <pause dur="PT25S"/>
    <u who="AZ">Er n:o:.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="4syll"/> it must be American. <pause/> Strange.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Those are the only two John Levys <note>/livIz/</note>.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> Mm. <pause/> <unclear extent="4syll"/>.</u>
    <pause dur="PT03S"/>
    <u who="Cm">You <emph>have</emph> got a John there.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=Yes. <unclear>Not with this title.</unclear> Mm.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/> <unclear extent="9syll"/>.</u>
    <u who="AZ">Mm::.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause/><pause/> Oh well.</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Well if ▾that's the right name, it- it's not in print◀ hh.</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲Perhaps I've got it wrong. I'd better check that, <unclear>hadn't I</unclear>.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm" trans="latching">==And how do I get to <rs>Portholes</rs>. Am I near there?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><rs>Portholes</rs>?</u>
    <u who="Cm">The: gallery?</u>
    <u who="AZ"><pause/> Oh. Mm. No, I can't tell you. I'm sorry. ▾Hh.◀</u>
    <u who="Cm">▲You can't. <note>laughs</note>◀ Thanks.</u>
    <u who="AZ" trans="latching">=You could ask in he- in er: arts, which is two rooms to the right.
     <emph>They</emph> might know.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><pause dur="PT01S"/> Here?</u>
    <u who="AZ">Yeah.</u>
    <u who="Cm"><unclear extent="2syll"/>.</u>
   </div>
  </body>
 </text>
</TEI>
